(you light up another cigarette, pour the wine, 
its 4 o'clock in the morning and its starting to get light, 
now im right where i wanna be, loosing track of time, 
but i wish that is was still last night...) Ok, look i was wide awake, sittin up, i had my back to the headboard 
i was smokin a little cigarette to relax myself my head felt dead sore, 
i was in embassy, backing up blue alize, energised off red bull, 
i was watching this little choong ting, 
she said hi her names tiffany from bethnal green, 
hi im ash from kensal green, actually from kensal rise to be precise she looked me up and down and said 
"your see through nike are well cool" 
she introduced me to her friend dawn, 
i introduced her to my friend shawn 
my game was on point like a pencil 
then we started to then talk, 
and she was like tellin me, she w.... shit... 
hold on what was she tellin me then? 
noo... 
how can i not recollect man? 
aawh i musta been outa my mind i swear, 
i was Smashed! 
nah man... what she tellin me? 
nah, nah man.... OH ok now i remember, she was tellin me she was going to bristol to go to uni in september, 
all i remember was not caring, just staring, 
at her exposed cleavage and thinking of getting her back to the yard and taking off what she was wearing.. 
22s one yout start swearin' 
Then one of dem south youts bottled him... kicked him up on the floor 
Then after that... 
Yeh the ravers just aired him 
Promoter locked it 
Girls grabbed their coats 
Phoned them when we got outside 
Asked them what were darin' 
This is the 207... followed them back to thiers n'... I was like "kool but oioi 'cause man... 
Ya gotta drive man... 
I'm fuck... 
Was all like... 
Must of dropped me off innit 
Gone to his tingz yard 
I was lipsin my ones neck in her yard like... 
Took off the La Senza 
Put on a conny and just beat it... And then I started sleepin 
Would you believe it started dreamin 
Thinkin that Rave was so tough 
And dis girl right here is so buff! 
But her yard is frass! 
Haha... Shes a sexy broke slut 
And then I thought Hold upp 
This ain't your bed... 
Then I woke up! 
And then I thought Oh fuck! 
Arrghh Ashley your so fucked! 
If you go home try sneak in the bed I swear your wife is gonna go nuts 
You WASTEMAN! 
Come on last night why was you so drunk! 
It's got to 4 in the morning n' it's startin to get light outside you donut! 
I was soo hungover then I sat up n now I got this bitch on my shoulder 
I don't even smoke, grabbed a ciggerette slapped myself in the face got sober 
I'm gonna wait 5 minutes 
Pick my clothes up 
Dress myself then phone up my bredrin nd say 
"Yo blud I beg u come get me I need to go home blud" Wat do u mean mann... 
Argh don't take the the piss blud 
Arghh for fu... Blud you my whipp though mann... 
Aiight fuck it... You know what meet me back in the ends 
I'll jump in a cab or somethin... 
HUH! 
Is this girl serious? 
These girls are madd I swear... 
WAH! 
Get out of here man! 
Oi... Oi um... I'm gone yeh? 
Yeah boss... 
Yeah Yeah I need a cab innit... 
Kensal Rise? 
What 40! Are you mad!