The downstairs girls have alot to say 
about the uptown boys that always get their way 
There's a loner on the corner and a stoner on the border 
A schizo who's two faces eyes show lots of empty spaces 
Next to a workingman, who does intend 
to make a stand in front of his dead end.. 
If anyone has got the nerve to try him.. 
The local columnist writes his word 
he's flying the flag of all he calls absurd 
and the body politic, of the town, is working thru a panic 
to elect a clown.. 
And the never ever boy endeavours on a clever ploy 
his motive like a locomotive, he'll go till there's nothing else for to 
live 
the tracks he's on end.. and he has got to walk.. 
It's just an idea that i'm tryin to say.. 
There's more than black and white that make up gray.. 
Nothin' won't move that's not in my way.. 
Can't you hear that train, cause it's comin' 
It's a loud one.. 
This morning i poked myself in the eye 
it wasn't the only reason i had to cry.. 
Someone i know is quite misleading, she doesn't go where she's leading 
Her present's no longer her past, she's still always first class.. 
Others i know, are all too clear 
in making it well known that they've got nothing to fear 
Except their boss, because, he can fire them.. 
The unqualified beggars' lifes gone up in smoke 
now he finds it hard, to take a joke.. 
To the burning of fires and a squeeling of tires 
a cutting of wires in a circle of liars 
The law stretches far, to reach it's mark 
and there's nowhere you can hide when it's after dark 
and you're paranoid, you can never be alone.. 
It's just an idea that i'm tryin' to say 
there's more than black and white that make up gray 
There's nothin' won't move that's not in my way 
can't you hear that train, cause it's comin', 
it's a loud one.. 
A poet's been down, but now he's on the rise 
on forbidden thoughts he will theorize 
On a paradise lost, an exaggerated cost 
A well shined gloss, and a summer frost 
Flying like rockets thru writings in red 
are the ghosts of great spirits, both alive and dead 
Standing on the corner where the bricks are piled high 
and the first floor windows touch the sky.. 
and looking up, there is nothing left to say.. 
sallysally@usa.net