I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefing, first rapper that shot a fan 
Gucci's my absolute state of mind, like Waka's man 
Chopper's brand, getting head in the car park, new Gallardo 
This bitch sucking my dick today, call it yesterday's news tomorrow 
Stretch a nigga out, I'm the new Tae Bo, 
Bout to cross ova, I'm the new ivo 
Bout to saves a couple of these bitches that's right, I'm the new Bible 
You? You five o, me? I'm all grounded to punishments, but I'm too fly though 
Y'all niggas be winin', I should call you Moscato Look down at the floorboard 
It looks like someone left a pair of stiletto shoes in my Tahoe 
Never know just what type of a ho inside of my ride I may let 
Last night at five am, and she ain't even recover from last Friday yet 
Hoes all over the ride like it's an ice cream truck, I can see why they fret 
I already ran over two hoes and I ain't get up the fucking drive way yet 
Soon as I open the door, you try to resist, what for? 
Get in girl, don't front shorty 
Your, fightin' a unwinnable war, it's useless, tits on a whore, little tits on a whore 
Got a mack and it's kicking and screaming like little kids throwing fits on the floor 
Get in the whip but you ain't turning, a frog into a prince 
Why you tryna keep convincin' me for? I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss Now you in my whip just long as you understand that I can't be whipped 
You say companionship, I say abandon ship, I'm a gigolo so you know 
I'm always on the go, I ain't got no time to slow down for no relation shit 
Drop the P and add a T, yeah, you can get mad at me all you want 
But I'm ghost before you can even say boo, hun let alone call me one 
A one night stand is all he wants wit' a female fan yeah one like Stan 
And he's so about a one night stand his bedroom has two lamps and only one nightstand 
Get the hint? Ooh yeah boo, ew! I ain't finna' argue 
But why do you think they call it boo? 
Yeah, 'cause the sound of it's 'posed to scare you Ho ho, we can share you, in the back of the McLaren 
I don't give a fuck what your name is, we gon' call you hot and bi 
Hope you bi in the mean time your name is Sharon 
Slow the flow down so I can what? Tell you same face 
When I'm shooting the guns the same face that I make when I fuck 
From the back of my hand on your neck pressing your face against the sheets it's insane 
You been changed, cause I'm outta this world girl I got that Milky Way dick vein 
I'm at an all-time high with highness, I'm at an all-time fly with flyness 
And this is exactly what they say when they bow to your highness I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefing, first rapper that shot a fan 
(Push your chick out the car while it's moving like Waka's man) 
Her bottom's dark, but her top it tan, her private parts 
Got her on the pole like the opposite of her papa's plan 
(Come on stripper, let's hit the strip one eighty throw it in reverse and drop the trance 
I'm in the trance, looking at this bitch dance) 
Looking at this tramp, like what you wearing girl, quit playing 
(Yeah bitch are them scratch and sniff pants? Well let me scratch 'em 
Let me sniff, yeah (what?) Did I say that? 
I'm on lean like Styrofoam cups and kickstands Middle finger stuck on fuck, stiff hands 
But girl you got a butt like ? so yeah what the hell, maybe 
Aw hell, Shady, he'll tell it like it is 
So tell Katy Perry he's on the tail, he's tailgating 
These bells are my maiden call and I'm here, bell's raiding and tell Lady 
Gaga, she can quit her job at the post office, she's still a male lady 
Wouldn't fuck her with her dick you heard, the verdict's in, he's allergic to D 
Doesn't take me Clevis to him, him don't give a damn how Beaver doing 
What a demon, a behemoth, evil just seems to be seething through him I like the strip tease you doing this evening, you and me gon' find 
Three more chickadees and have a menage like Nikki 
You hot like a Dickie outfit in Texas without shit under it, sweating 
Suck my dick, or gets to steppin to my logic My Patrick, my dick is as hard and thick as a yardstick 
What we gonna do? Ride around 'til we're carsick 
Then I'ma put this shit in park like dog shit 
And you can blow me in the dark in the parking lot 
Out of the trailer park by the garbage 
What you waiting on? Me to roll up the carpet? 
The condoms are in the glove compartment, let's start it 
Think I'm joking? What, am I sitting here 
Tryna make fake farts with my armpits? 
Tryna get you to spit pop through your nose? 
Am I here to amuse you? Stop it I'm in your pocket outside of a church 
The other hand reaching for the bottom of your purse 
You giving me head in a boxing stance 
My dick's so big you could drop it in dirt 
I'm not your man, we're sparring partners 
There's five things you are in charge of, that's 
Sucking a dick, sucking a dick, sucking a dick 
Sucking a dick, sucking a dick If you ain't sucking a dick, why you sitting there 
With puckered lips? Oh that's collagen, mothafucking bitch 
What you mean how'd you, get suckered into this 
You gon' jump into my truck and then try to get truculent? 
You should be suffering, you should be cooking 
You should be buckling your seat belt with oven mitts 
Excuse me while I'm making an ass of myself 
But it's only cause I just wanna get I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss 
I wanted a kiss, kiss, kiss Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefing, first rapper that shot a fan