You're going to be okay, kid. You're going to be okay Is everything not enough? 
What more can I give up? 
Is there anyone that I can trust? 
I give you my all and you still take from me Always been the type of dude that'll feed my clique 
I know that without the fans, 
I ain't shit 
But y'all better read my lips, 
I don't spit raps this ill 
For you to just hack and steal and leak my shit, 
So peep my drift 
I hope y'all don't think you're helping me out with that shit 
That shit stressin' me out 
Nickel nine is blowin' up 
Christmas time, you should hang my album on top of your fireplace 
Cause around that time, my stocking is goin' up 
Feels like a victory, bittersweet, cause the bigger I get? 
The bigger the wedge, 
Between the relationship of me and my bigger bro, hear what I said? 
Feels like the shit just switched on me 
Everything I do for the nigga, and the nigga know 
I would do anything for him, but the nigga refuse 
To just quit straight shittin' on me 
Keepin' your distance? 
Probably best if you don't wanna fuck with me 
But you know me probably best, fuck pity 
You want that? You know it's Leila Ali's chest 
Tough titty, the problems, 
You got a problem, you think that I'm already set 
So I'm a look down on you? 
Just be proud of me, you already got my respect 
I ain't tryna say something I regret 
So I'm a just stop, chasing the pain 
Let you deal with the fact we don't get along 
Cause I got a big face in the game 
Sometimes I feel like fuck my life, 
I fuck with a few niggas that I know that 
If my chick was a Shady hoe 
Niggas wouldn't think twice 'fore they fuck my wife 
Guess that's the difference in friends and associates, 
I done been broke, I done been through the motions 
I don't pay no attention to birds, 
I use my scope then I tend to the vultures 
No one ever blows up your phone to talk, 
I don't make money just to loan it to y'all 
Tell a nigga that the new album is like ? 
Is like talking to a hole in the wall 
Please look at these expenses, 
these niggas expensive, if I gotta lend you money every time 
I see you just to be your friend, bitch, I don't need your friendship Is everything not enough? 
What more can I give up? 
Is there anyone that I can trust? 
I give you my all and you still take from me I give (and I give), and you take (and you take) 
And you just walk away without nothing to say 
You just take from me, you just take from me I live in a bubble, I struggle with the fame 
Trouble as the pain grows double, give a fuck what you say 
When my music you take so subtle, just to give it away 
To people who don't even appreciate flows, mothafucka, I'm living today 
Cause I break my back to give you my art, you steal my thoughts 
It's like driving a spike through my heart 
You might not think it's not that big of a deal to steal from me 
But music is all I got 
Aside from my daughters, not to sound like a martyr 
But it's getting harder than I thought 
To not just go crazy, trapped in this house, I'm about to just snap 
And I might not deserving of what I got to, did I not work for it? 
Put it all in every record I record 
Well then please tell me why ? 
But I wonder sometimes is it worth all the bullshit 
'Cause it feels like a down there ain't no gettin' up from 
But I won't let it get me down, I won't succumb, I'm anything but ? so fuck 'em 
They'll appreciate me when I'm gone, they say it was ill, right? 
The way I kill mics? But the way I feel right now 
It just feels like I'm so done with this shit I might as well wipe 
I have nothing else to give you, nothing left to contribute 
Farewell I bid you, but before I go, my last gift to you 
Ladies and gentleman, Slaughterhouse I give you! Is everything not enough? 
What more can I give up? 
Is there anyone that I can trust? 
I give you my all and you still take from me I give (and I give), and you take (and you take) 
And you just walk away without nothing to say 
You just take from me, you just take from me