I see you I see you looking at me 
Looking at me, so I ask Am I a psycho? 
Am I a psycho? 
Yeah I'm a psycho 
I guess I'm a psycho You're crazy, 
I like you, but you're crazy, my tours paid me 
So I used that dough to allure ladies to whom bathe me 
Never know that my minds for sure shady 
Pure Hades, rev x steady they couldn't endure to save me 
Why did I let this stripper burn me on the arm with her cigarette 
In the same spot ten times in a row 
When I felt that burn upon the clitoris? 
I'ma get her wet, sorry to get carried away, 
I feel stupid 'cause I ain't did her yet 
Maybe she never let a fine nigga stare at her breasts, 
I get vexed but I ain't bit her neck 
Open, I try to contain it but that damn dame thang's soakin' 
Alter ego say why you let them gang bang folk in 
Strange lane hopin' I can maintain copin' 
But ain't nobody talkin' when the insane mane spoken 
I like fire on my skin, blood on my draws 
From up on her walls, I'm suffering, I'm stuck in her claws 
Stuffed in her jaws, huffin' and puffin' hollerin' my god, 
Afterwards I like really hots scolding water on my balls Am I a psycho? 
Am I a psycho? 
Yeah I'm a psycho 
I guess I'm a psycho Mom? Dad? I'm no longer the boy you're used to seeing 
I've changed a lot, plus I've grown to hate every human being 
My mood swings have now turned my dreams into gruesome scenes 
Now I'm doing things I don't normally do 
When illusions seem to be the only pleasures I can gain 
Heck, if I was sane I would of put down the mic and say 
Fuck it I'll never rise to fame 
But with the wicked records I contain, 
I could probably jump without your name 
No lovey-dovey let's ignite the flame 
If you're lucky you survive the pain 
Sorry that ain't very marry to say, 
Why is this game so scary to play? 
Well let me think, 'cause every day 
My balls are getting too hairy to shave 
Pause a minute, 
I'm stressin' the game if I go to hell, 
Then heavens to blame 
I don't mean to come off crazy 
But you mothafuckas seem to think that I'm hella deranged (hey) 
When I was seven years old, 
I fell on my head and I severed my brain (hey) 
If you think I'm lying then 
Ask my mama nigga she'll can tell you the same 
Should I be ashamed? 
No, I'm living my life so ghetto fabulous 
Before you get bent outta a shape my nigga let me ask you this Am I a psycho? 
Am I a psycho? 
Yeah I'm a psycho 
I guess I'm a psycho I stab you with this mic 
And rap this verse I'm rappin' to you 
Matter fact I'm rapping through you, 
Never say my motherfucking name 
Unless you absolutely have to I am not no fucking jacket 
With no matching shoes 
And you are not no fashion guru 
Can't even see you niggas, 
Y'all wish I was rappin' to you 
Matter of fact act like I'm rappin' to you 
If that gives you passion 
To use this as an excuse 
Then just jump up out of conclusion 
That I'm attackin' you dudes 
Is just like old fashion voodoo 
Y'all ain't even the shit, 
No y'all ain't even the doodoo 
I got more flavor on the tissue paper under my toobos 
So I'm slapping you foolish 
With wooden paddles you stupid 
Baby sitting little bastards like little afternoon children 
You can call me psychotic 
But it's more like schizophrenic 
And I can speak can anyone tell me just where my medicine is 
Guess I gotta show these minors just what my avenue is 
Man I swear I'm all up out of my brain like graduate students 
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings 
I see your tears, come here, 
Give me your face, let me clear it 
But I wonder how it would look 
If I could peel it back with a skillet 
Then I'ma fill it crack when I hit it, 
Then I'ma spill it back when you heal it 
Damn it Bobby boy, what in the hell, 
What in the heaven, what in the earth 
Where is your mom? What are you cursed? 
Where are you from? 
Where was your birth? Where were you first? 
Why weren't you in church? 
Why is there dirt, all on your shirt? 
Man I think that you're going berserk Am I a psycho? 
Am I a psycho? 
Yeah I'm a psycho 
I guess I'm a psycho Am I a psycho? (psycho) 
Am I a psycho? (psycho) 
Yeah I'm a psycho (psycho) 
I guess I'm a psycho (psycho, psycho, psycho)