Between happy and hell, that's where I'm living now, 
I really wanna love her, but I just don't think that I know how. 
Can I give her everything she needs? Can I give her anything I want? 
Will it be about what I do? Will it be about what I don't? 
Will it be about what is right? Forget about what is wrong. 
Will she love the man I am or the man that sings this damn song? 
Don't know if I'll ever know the truth, it might not ever show. 
But if I never tell the truth, then will she ever know? 
Am I her shining light or just her darkest day? 
I wonder if she'll leave, hell, I wonder if she'll stay. 
Oh, God, I'm so confused, is it a lie or truth? 
I'm at the crossroads, tell me which one to chose. 
Is there a right or wrong? It's getting hard to tell, 
I need to know the price, and should I buy or sell. 
Oh God, I really love her, but should I ever tell? 
I guess I'll just live here between happy and hell. I'm in a catch-22 
Damn if I don't, damn if I do 
I'm in love with another girl 
And I've been dreaming in another world 
I've been living with the devil 
While I'm creeping with an angel. 
All's well that ends well, 
I guess I'll be happy in hell. See fate's a funny thing and life's a crazy game, 
You got losers and winners, but everyone's a sinner. 
It's hard to figure out, it's like it's all grey, 
Would they say I won or lost, but, really, who was he? 
See, love is complicated, especially if she waited 
For the one that never came, tell me who you wanna blame. 
Is it the one in the mirror? My vision's getting clearer. 
My thoughts are still blurry, love will you please hurry? 
Don't think that I can take it, love will we ever make it? 
And if I give you my heart, you promise not to break it? 
Or maybe now it's broke, I think I'm gonna choke, 
Emotions backing up, see, probably stacking up. 
I'm looking for an exit, I'm getting boxed in, 
The dogs are getting closer, gonna find my fox den. 
The truth is on my tongue, I wonder, should I tell 
Or maybe just let it lie between happy and hell? I'm in a catch-22 
Damn if I don't, damn if I do 
I'm in love with another girl 
And I've been dreaming in another world 
I've been living with the devil 
While I'm creeping with an angel. 
All's well that ends well, 
I guess I'll be happy in hell. She never getting closer, forever seeming further, 
Will I be the one she loves, will I be the one that hurts her? 
Oh, God, I can't take it, her heart, I can't break it. 
So if we run fast, never look back and can we make it? 
The truth is looking for us, but love is really screaming. 
Is there a chance for us or am I just dreaming? 
Is there a right way? Is there a wrong path? 
Gotta know which way to go, and will I cry or laugh. 
My heart is really racing, the truth is still chasing, 
I'm so afraid of it, well life is made of it. 
Now that you're all here, I guess I gotta tell 
Which one I'm gonna pick, is it happy or hell? I'm in a catch-22 
Damn if I don't, damn if I do 
I'm in love with another girl 
And I've been dreaming in another world 
I've been living with the devil 
While I'm creeping with an angel. 
All's well that ends well, 
I guess I'll be happy in hell.