If I had one last chance to do things over in my life 
One last chance to say to people they left their past on, 
The opportunity to see the one close to me every day, 
Just to say: hey, 
If I had just one last chance, yeah, yeah, 
I'll be all right. [Chorus:] 
If I had one last chance to say: hey, hey 
I would be all right, 
If I had one last chance to say: hey, hey 
I would be all right. If I had just one last chance to tell you how I feel 
For leaving here eternally. 
I will tell you what you meant to me 
And what's been going on, 
If I had just one last chance to say 
What's on my mind, 
Cause ever since you had to leave, 
There were some people who ain't the same, 
Because it take time. If I had just one last chance to really say goodbye, 
..for you... 
I think it really makes a difference to me, 
And I'll be all right. 
If I had just one last chance to apologize, 
For everything I put you through 
I would probably finally rest and peace 
Instead of sleeplees night. [Chorus:] 
If I had one last chance to say: hey, hey 
I would be all right, 
If I had one last chance to say: hey, hey 
I would be all right. 
If I had one last chance to say: hey, hey 
I would be all right, 
If I had one last chance to say: hey, hey 
I would be all right. If I had just one last chance to hear you speak to me, 
What would you say about the way that I carry on in my life, 
If I had just one last chance to try make you right, 
What if I... would you give, that make me wanna just calm me down, 
And re-think things twice. If I had one last chance, last chance, last chance, 
If I had one last chance, if to tell you,.. 
If I had one last chance, last chance, last chance, 
That will be all that I need. [Chorus: x2] 
If I had one last chance, I wouldn't keep it more, 
The... that we had is strong enough to carry on, 
Inside the song we sing, the memory of you will bring 
The... of everything that's keeping the song... 
If I had just one last chance just say goodbye, 
I'll tell you that I miss you until the day I die. 
If I could see you face in front of me once again, 
The room would brighten up and the world would see me...