It's a plane, it's a bird, it's a zombie, hahaha! The highest high I'm iron tolerable 
On my dick... baby, show lies 
Blue dream that amazing hoe, that ink is a pyrex 
And the coconut baking soda 
You'd be the blue flame that create the whole thing 
Rap game, crack game, apparently the same thing 
If this was 80 something I'd be in jail 
Told Gucci link fat wings... ass elbow 
Saving every penny tryina get about this hell hole 
For my super thugs hustling above the jail bone 
Like to better... have your weapon drawn 
I get I be scared to death, bitch I'm already gone 
Money on my mind, your bitch on my zipper 
Breaking up finer of the pounds 
See you see... you gonna needs some boots to get as fly as me nigga 
Excuse me I'm in the... as high nigga 
Fly boots on, the asap mobbing, here to kill switch 
Put and end to any problem 
Fly boots on, the asap mobbing, here to kill switch 
Put and end to any problem Has and weed, hash in abund 
Got weed by the ton 
Got blow by the load 
If you wanna get thrown, asap got the poke 
Shit, 3 flag ass bitches with wings 
Double heps and double d's 
High nigga, high living, 3 young ass niggas running shit, 
No slipping 
Gotta know the game, gotta know the lane, gotta know the pain 
No hand outs, ain't shit easy 
Dark shades on my easy e 
Got bitches on my minime 
And you niggas in the rap game, can't relate 
I'm real pimping, no fornicate 
Fuck what you heard, I'm go with A 
Smoking great 8, fuck your mixtape 
That's a weedplate 
Zombie style, asap, never mind these clowns 
I love brains zombie style, never mind these clowns 
Truth's passing the weed, mitch,... asap and the... I'm a demon triple beamon, paying bitches 
Raping on a lisa blood sheets 
Creeping for the panties, what the color dannies 
Calling pictures, sniffing panties 
Really walk the... 3 niggas, one bitch 
One clip, one brain, dead girl, off your mind 
Leave your brains, on your moms 
Razor blades, dipped in bleach, tear your skin to piece 
Dump the body in Tennessee, highway getaway 
Oj bronco, captain baby drive them off the bridge 
Look into my eyes, vivid tears 
I see fear, y'all some fucking queers 
Grow a fucking beard, I'm sposed to be here 
Sposed to be dead, over dose on... 
Last cruise, drive by on sight, ride like a bike 
For my zombie homies kill tonight Flap a zombie, asap mobbing 
Hit the kill switch I'll put end to any any problem 
Flap a zombie, asap mobbing 
Hit the kill switch I'll put end to any any problem Asap nigga be aliens, cold blooded niggas reptilian 
Acid acid, embians, only fuck a bitch if she lesbian 
Treal niggas on the city got the key on lock 
Jewels got the jewels, nigga mitch gonn pop 
Addie in the caddie with the heat on cock 
When a mac go black cause that beat don't stop nigga 
My name is that pretty motherfucker from the land of the lost 
Of the gullie in the gutter... mad a toast for the honey and the butter 
Only die for 2 thangs, that's more money and my mother motherfucker 
Niggas know my name... niggas know me I keep it 100er 
I'ma stunner,... for the summer,... 
So run up if you wanna mac in the backpack, right by the macbook 
And I rap that harlem, and my zombie nigga straight out of flat bush