hoo ha hoo ha Nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah! 
Nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah! have you ever been in love? 
he's my bestfriend best of all best friends 
do you have a best friend too? he tickles in my tummy 
hes so yummy yummy 
hey you should get a best friend too hoo ha hoo ha 
hoo ha hoo ha have you ever been in love? Nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah! 
hoo ha hoo ha Hello baby can I see you smile? 
I'm going to a party and its gonna be wild. (okay!) 
Can I come, I am sitting alone 
No, Friends are never alone (that's right!) Maybe some pretty girls are in your world, 
excuse me I could also be your girl 
Lately, everyone is making fun 
Nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah! He's my best friend best of all best friends, 
do you have a best friend too? 
He tickles in my tummy, hes so yummy yummy 
hey, you should get a best friend too. (my best friend) hoo ha hoo ha 
hoo ha hoo ha 
Nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah 
hoo ha hoo ha Aloha baby lets go to the beach 
Yeah! girls in bikini are waiting for me 
But I was hoping for a summer romance 
So why didnt you take a chance (okay!) Maybe some pretty girls are in your world, 
excuse me I could also be your girl 
Lately, everyone is making fun 
Nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah! He's my best friend best of all best friends, do you have a best friend too? 
He tickles in my tummy, hes so yummy yummy 
hey, you should get a best friend too. (my best friend) 
Hoo Ha! Hoo hA! 
Hoo Ha! Hoo HA! 
Nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah! Maybe some pretty girls are in your world, 
excuse me (yeah) I could also be your girl 
Lately, everyone is making fun 
Lets get this party on 
Hit me with laser gun! Hwah! Ooh oh oh come on boys! 
Hoo Ha Hoo HA! 
Ooh oh oh 
You should get a best friend too He's my best friend best of all best friends, do you have a best friend too? 
He tickles in my tummy, hes so yummy yummy 
hey, you should get a best friend too. (my best friend) He's my best, my best my best my best friend Hoo Ha! Hoo HA! 
Hoo Ha! Hoo HA! 
He's soooo sweet! 
Nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah!