(Mother) Here I am, the future is mine 
(Father) And mine as well, 
we'll stand at the top of a prosperous society 
(Mother) Our dreams can become reality 
(Both) I am in charge of life's great circle 
I control my path of wealth (Parents) Ambitions high, burning 
The flames burn deep down in our souls 
To be known for efficiency and passion Seperate goals but fire shared 
(Father) We both need our professions 
Do what you want but I'll never give up mine 
(Mother) Oh I can think, 
I can work, I don't need your support 
Our love is pale, but it's not in my way (Father) I shall become a man of distinction 
{both}We can share our lives, our fire 
to share our lives, our fire (Parents) Ambitions high, burning 
The flames burn deep down in our souls 
To be known for efficiency and passion Ambitions, dreams, they're burning 
The flames burn deeper towards our goals, our needs Suddenly, we have been careless 
A new life, a new dimension 
It disturbs our solid future. It puts out the fire we both need 
It's a choice between the passion, or the love that can be saved now 
See the child here as a saviour. Choose for love and let this life begin (Father) We have been careless but you have provoked it 
Your weak search for more love between us, a blind emotion 
Should I believe that this new life can save us, 
a saviour, a prodigy, so choose for love and let this life begin ------------- Spoken interlude: (Father) Look, we have to consider this carefully, right? 
We never really thought about having a baby. 
(Mother) I know we never thought about it before, but I think we have 
to find a way to keep this baby. There's more to life than just having a 
succesful career! 
(Father) No! That career is what we've worked for! I haven't got the time 
to raise a brat! 
(Mother) But... this baby could bring us together again. And we'll still have 
time left to do the things we've always wanted. 
(Father) You think so? If we wanna keep it, would you be able to take care 
of it and keep your job? 
(Mother) Well, I think we'll both need to compromise. But if we work together... 
I mean, we're still young, we can manage it! 
(Father) Don't pressure me! ---------- (Contemplative) See a birth, a saviour, a curse 
See these lives, they see this as a choice between their life together, 
between love and fire (Father) With this child we must make choices, it can save us if we want 
We have a life together, no choice between love and fire (Mother) Feel it, this life in me, moving 
With this child we must make choices, it can save us if we want 
Oh, I fear it, the path we take 
Is this a choice anyway, between love and fire? (Parents) Ambitions high, burning 
The flames burn deep down in our souls 
To be known for efficiency and passion Ambitions, dreams, they're burning 
The flames burn deeper towards our goals, our needs