Peep the math, Mau Mau be about land and freedom 
Reparation and apologies, for Africa to America Odysseys 
Guerrilla type tactics on them socialistic fallacies 
It be about, the devastations of the social doministic thought 
Keep a brown man down sport 
They wantin' to keep eye in vengeance set nigga 
The way Franz Fanon put it, you lucky I ain't wretched yet You fucked up in the game now 
It's big black, Mr. Chairman of the Mau Mau 
I hear the world in all black surround sound 
Barricaded so you can't move around now Doing this for my clan that ain't around now 
Buried six feet deep beneath the ground now 
My loud sound pound down make the earth crush in and bow down 
There's fault lines in the ground now shake 'em down Black Chevy, Mau Maus, get ready 
Blaow blaow, black deadly, femme fatal 
Underground, rats in this rat race 
And black race cats sell out to the black face And rag grin, laugh not my light skin 
Be S M O O T H from P H 
Backseat strappin' in 
'Cause I'm the only bitch with big black and them Who the crew? M A U, M A U, gun ready 
'Bout to attack the track with black is black 
Well how black? Black heart, black mind, black soul 
Mau Maus we was born to roll Who the crew? M A U, M A U, aim fire 
'Bout to attack the track with black is black 
How black? Black womb till we reach the black hearse 
What's black? Shade of the Universe Yo, yo yo when mo black start to black out bitches pass out 
Stick my black dick in they mouth and dig they back out 
Black monk like The Salonius 
The government got a black phobia That's why they tap my black Nokia 
Black fathers, black mothers, black brothers 
Handcuffed to each other, goin' upstate in black buses 
Black thugs, wrap drugs in backwoods Smoke till they got black tongues 
Black lips and black lungs 
Black is black, wack MC's get smacked 
Forced to go home and dial 1 800 I can't rap Aiyyo who that? Yo right there blue eyes, and black hair 
Kill 'em with a rhyme, or the bottom of my Nike Air's 
So quick son pick one, you don't want me to finish 
Or I'll quickly take you to 1950 and do you like the British Head on a spear, contusions ear to ear 
For Africa maxima, I'm a drive you out of here 
Mr. 1 16th, born to kill your self esteem 
Born from part devil, part cracker from queens 
Knowledge that we drop, you don't even build with 
That's like me winnin' a rap Grammy, givin' it to Little Smith Who the crew? M A U, M A U, gun ready 
'Bout to attack the track with black is black 
Well how black? Black heart, black mind, black soul 
Mau Maus we was born to roll Who the crew? M A U, M A U, aim fire 
'Bout to attack the track with black is black 
How black? Black womb till we reach the black hearse 
What's black? Shade of the Universe Yo everything black is wack and shit 
Blackheads, blackmail, black cats and shit 
Funerals, niggaz gotta wear black and shit 
Black cars, black clothes on they backs and shit Blackballed, if we don't kiss they ass and shit 
Blacklisted see ya nigga, and you're gone that's it 
White bitches, they wanna be black and shit 
Tan lotion on they white flat ass and shit Aiyyo all the Mau Maus gather up and let's attack 
Because they're tryin' to fuck with our images 
And I think that shit is crazy wack 
And as a matter of fact, they want us niggaz 
To smile and laugh I guess they never seen a bloodbath Brothers and sisters are dyin', babies are bein taken out 
So what the fuck they want me to rap about? 
About how happy I am, to be livin' in the slum 
Where little shorties walk around totin' big guns Who the crew? M A U, M A U, gun ready 
'Bout to attack the track with black is black 
Well how black? Black heart, black mind, black soul 
Mau Maus we was born to roll Who the crew? M A U, M A U, aim fire 
'Bout to attack the track with black is black 
How black? Black womb till we retilach the black hearse 
What's black? Shade of the Universe Hard black droppin' science, born to roll 
Mau Maus droppin' science, born to roll 
Hard black droppin' science, born to roll 
Mau Maus droppin' science, born to roll Nigga, nigga you think these rhymes? 
You think they fuckin' rhymes? this this this this philosophy 
This the end of red neck ass catastrophes 
Puttin' a plunger in the ass of my history Forty one shots of reality for the generations to come after me 
As it be, hell hath no fury like a black man scorned 
Nigga black is black, you've officially been warned 
Nigga you've officially been warned You hear me? you've you you've officially been warned 
You've been told nigga, you've been fuckin' officially been warned 
This is for your dome, straight up 
Mau Mau style, back from the forest knahmean? You've officially been told how it's gon' come down 
End of millennium style 
You've officially been told how it's gon' be, knahmean? 
Hard black, Mau Mau Smooth black, Mau Mau 
Big black, Mau Mau 
1 16th black, Mau Mau 
Joe Black, Mo Black, Double Black