Because of who? Because of J-Hope 
Because of who? Because of Rap Mon 
Again, because of who? Because of Suga 
All of the style and flow is because of Bang Tan The kids who will lead the 21st century Hallyu has started to play 
We're seven wolves, gathering the lambs with a trap 
We pull through all the broken rap from now on 
We keep driving forward, giants on the beats 
Bang Tan cypher right here, psycho right here 
Whoever's in the ring, we'll win, rap fighter right here 
I'll say hi, you'll say bye, a burnt tire, we're different 
Fire, hot choir, captivating K-Pop like PSY 
My rap is huge, I'll say right in your ear, bug that 
Our riots got successively stronger 
Don't need long explanations, just explain with a rap 
BTS, follow the leader, let's go now 
What I'm a rap wiper, a complete psycho, if I'm a dicer, then I have all the dice 
Cypher, if you're nice, I'm nicer 
If you're Pride, then I'm a Chrysler, that means I'mma priceless 
Who are you to judge my rap? Rapper? 
This is One Piece, I'm a Whitebeard, you just have long beards like catfish, bucket 
Hehe haha, honk honk, 300 per hour 
I'm going through the process of working hard 
I won't discriminate but catch them all, tombstone, knock knock knock out 
Fire in the hole beat BING BING POW POW, you'll cry and look for your dad 
My voice constricts the voices of the plain rappers at all times, like the PC cafe closing 
This is a kingdom, I'm a king, you're dumb 
I'm chew you and swallow, you're bubblegum 
On top of the running man is the flying man 
On top of the flying man is the one who rides on him 
That's me, beat, a badder guy than Rain 
Like rags, I just hang it up, after I play with it, I rip up your eardrums, boom boom boom 
This is the curse of my dawn, a nightmare, a riot, serial murder, theft, doom doom doom 
You're like a Katalk with no friends, no reason to look 
Did you already wet your pants? Sorry, there's no bathroom 
I'm commanding you, let go of the mic and get up 
Just do the "chun" because you have no "shil"1 
I'll push you out because I really don't like you 
I'm good at sewing, putting it into practice 
I'm growling right now, you're in a bit of danger 
Just do the "yeon," like I said, you have no "shil"2 
Rise and rise to the sky but get ripped, bucket, I've forgotten you 
My voice, my hegemony, I made it from one to ten 
I put the whole world on my tongue 
I play with big boys, I ain't spittin low sh 
On the CD or the TV, you can see me, envy me, it's a pity, gee gee 
Beat I'mma monster I rap with a prospect, yeah I rap with a mindset I'm a suspect 
Sucka where yo rhymes at where you lines at? I'm da king, I'm the god so where ma emperors at? 
I parachute on my Neverland, I'mma peter pan, so this will never end 
You know when I ride on my G5 you sit first class and satisfy and I keep giggling 
Keep gigglin, keep jigglin, bring yo booking mic beat, wanna have a go? 
Hyungs who are sick with pride and strange beliefs get lost after 8 measures 
You old catepillars, I'll give you this beat, give it a try 
Hey, start talking when you can start rapping 
There should be a law restricting you from rapping Because of who? Because of J-Hope 
Because of who? Because of Rap Mon 
Again, because of who? Because of Suga 
Us three gather together and shout out a new generation 
Because of J-Hope 
Because of who? Because of J-Hope 
Because of who? Because of Rap Mon 
Again, because of who? Because of Suga 
The next batter will rap on top of this beat