oh, holly molly, rollin on me fuck your click, the homies 
i get money, paper taller than that fool Ginobli 
just know my kardashian ain't talking Khloe 
and these bitches all up on my dick, 
but i ain't talking moby 
they say my swagger super dumb, but hey, i graduated 
i got that shit, that will make your bitch, forget you penetrated 
and the freaky shit you like i'll make her demonstrate it 
uh, plus a nigger upon these boys 
illustrate it silly ass, niggers swag kill 'em like the chopper do 
turn 'em into milkshake 
serve 'em at the jumbo juice 
all you niggers super sweet like candy at the carnival 
riding through my city not a judge but i'm your honor hoe 
see me fucking shoes? medium rare 
rear bottom, you can spot 'em like a cheetah nere 
i'm a fly nigger, but you knew it though 
a million dollar nigger, only twenty fours 
check me out, check me out 
that new ferrari, let's test it out 
diamonds on my neck and wrist let's take a camera shot 
ok, let's crack this bitch, back up, better know my fucking name 
A-C-E-H double O-D luggie and some fuckin brain and that shit go where she think, that whip on me is major pain. 
Way too much of hatin you should be ashamed, black camaro call that fucker V-Rames 
Might throw it on 6's like LeBron James 
intercept your bitch, now that's the ball game! 
Just keep on stealin flows i wont call names 
but hey! chorus: 
now when i'm out, and you see me 
i know you're watching like i'm your tv 
now check me out, now check me out 
yeah, you see these shoes ? 
they don't come out 
we're talking money, 
that's what im about 
now check me out, check me out! 
now check me out, check me out! 
just check me out, yeah, yeah! twenty free and got a billion dollars mind, frame 
spend forty thousand dollars for my time frame. 
diamonds in my belt, boy thats time change 
triple black ferrari, call him bruce wayne! 
mr. hood a problem he be stuntin hard 
fuck them bitches talking get this cock-asaurus 
hop out of the jeep with christian louis vuittons 
but i know i run the shit like relays through batons 
Wildin ass nigga swag kill 'em like the hollows do 
say my flow is super sick, diagnose some Thera-Flu 
pistol kiss ya lips, i make that hoe go off and marry you 
bye, bye you, burie you, anybody wonder if they can get that too 
Dog with the hoes and a beast in the booth got two cars but i need that coop 
nine times outta ten i dont need that roof 
just check me out when i come through 
fuck you and your momma fool, your auntie hatin fuck her too 
ask anybody im the truth in the booth keep talking shit youll lose your tooth 
that's silly nigger, eatin the pickle dillys 
i holler free my niggers, and they ain't talking willy 
my whip do 215 shout out my nigger, feel it 
shout out my nigger, khaled for all my latest grammys 
yeah, check us out! chorus: 
now when i'm out, and you see me 
i know you're watching like i'm your tv 
now check me out, now check me out 
yeah, you see these shoes ? 
they don't come out 
we're talking money, 
that's what im about 
now check me out, check me out! 
now check me out, check me out! 
just check me out, yeah, yeah!