Prologue - the Dolphins call: 
Everybody feels, everybody hears, everybody dreams 
You, We, You 
Everybody hates, everybody loves, everybody hopes 
You, We, You 
Everybody wins, everybody fails, everybody learns 
You, We, You 
Everybody tries, everybody lives, everybody dies 
You, We, You Is there anybody out there, who'd share some thoughts with me? Vers 1: 
When all rainbows are painted in fading grey 
I wonder day and night 
Do you feel the pain? 
Brother, I wanna know how to overcome? Bridge 1: 
Come and see how smooth and bright 
Brave Whales never fear wind over tide No, No, No, No, No, No, No But it breaks my Heart every time, when I hear them singing 
Even those made of granit 
"God Help me to Save our Planet" Chorus1: 
Mother Nature's sent a Message 
Almost late! So let's get started soon! No need to promise the Moon 
You got it? 
soon ... Have you seen my Whale? 
Might have lost my Whale! Do you know my Whale? 
Could it be your Whale? Can you hear my Whale? 
Voices of all Whales! Listen to my Whale, 
This Song's about my Whale! Interlude - Jumping Whale Drum Solo Vers 2: 
Don't rush! Don't rush! Take your time my friend 
We gonna take our last breath together in the silence, without any pain Lord, I wanna know how to overcome? Bridge 2: 
Come and learn the Worth of Truth, 
My Majestic Whale gliding through the Blue Blue, Blue, Blue, Blue, Blue, Blue, Blue But it breaks my Heart every time, when he talks to me 
Listen to his Complain, now ... please Chorus 2: 
Well my friend, it's not fantastic 
We're living in an Ocean full of Oil and Plastic But sooner or later you will see, 
there ain't a Difference between You and Me Moonlight and Stars keep shining, 
even if the Children of the Poorest dying too soon 
... way too soon Final Chorus: 
One, Two, Three, Four, Five, Six, Seven, Eight 
Everybody has to change before it's too late Black or Yellow or Brown or White or Red 
Skin colour doesn't matter, we walk straight-ahead! One step Left, and One step to the Right 
Everybody gotta move before he's outta sight Far to late! My whale is forever gone! 
I wanna hear your praying for the Good! 
soon ... (Guitars by David T. Walker, all other instruments performed and recorded by Achim G., all rights reserved by Achim G.)