Yoh Big Sean, i know this is your joint, but uh- 
I just love your track so much i figured let me jump on your train 
You know wah i mean? 
No homo though LEGO!!! Woble-dy woble-dy wa-wable wable 
Put ma d*ck in her spitter and then i'll have that b-tch gaggle 
girl ride it with no saddle 
I Twist her like a handle,i burn her out like a candle 
I Wear her out like a sandal, turn that p-ssy to ally cat 
Kill it and i burry that, now its like a scary cat 
We tied up like we Married, ima bust her cherry 
26 just like John Terry 
And when im that p-ssy make her Scream like its scary 
tell me if u into it, let me please that clitoris 
I been out for a while now baby let me get back into it 
No time to get intimate, m sorry for being an ass 
Buh all i wanna ask is can i get in that ass? 
I'll go lazy on that ass 
I go crazy on that ass 
O.J simpson on that 
Go Obama on that ass 
go Osama on that ass 
Lady gaga on that ass 
And stop for a while....and get ryt back in that ass like Here i cum b-tch How u like dat? 
Here i cum B-tch P-ssy popping 
Here i cum b-tch How u like dat? 
Here i cum B-tch Ass popping Woble-dy woble-dy ma Wabling is wrecking 
I been in it for about a minute and 30 seconds 
And i know after am finished, u'll replay it just to check it 
Now she went through ma head to ma Neck like NeckLace 
Since u the sh-t now let me be ur asshole 
Swiming in her juices like a shark eating tadpoles 
She treat me like a nation, swinging on ma flag pole 
And i call her baby baby, i play a Dad role 
Ni Niikki M girl how Wide is your....? 
Got a hulk bwtn ma legs can it fit inside of your....? 
So what if am a lil razz, u gave me head up in a tazz 
Now all i wanna ask is can i murder ur ass I'll go lazy on that ass 
I go crazy on that ass 
O.J simpson on that ass 
Go Obama on that ass 
go Osama on that ass 
Lady gaga on that ass 
And stop for a while....and get ryt back in that ass like Here i cum b-tch How u like dat? 
Here i cum B-tch P-ssy popping 
Here i cum b-tch How u like dat? 
Here i cum B-tch Ass popping When i get inside it you know ama drive it crazy 
And i know you when you on it you gon ride it baby 
Dont hate me, when you girl wants ma d*ck 
Call me Abs buh ur girl call me Malik 
When i get inside it you know ama drive it crazy 
And i know you when you on it you gon ride it baby And i want that ass ass... 
I need more ass like that 
Shout out to Big Sean He's responsible fr this shit 
Love you Homie, no homo though, Lego!!!