(DJ Khaled) Starvation 2 
Ima get right to it. 
Fuck you fuck boys, 
Fuck all y'all. 
90% of the rap game, has stolen Ace Hoods flow. 
Lets keep it 100. 
Dont play yourself, I only speak facts 
At least if you gonna steal it, pay homage. 
If you aint part of the team, youre stealing flows. 
It's alright to be inspired, just respect it. 
I go by the name of DJ Khaled. 
& Im the CEO of We The Best Music Group. 
Im here to let you know, 
Ace Hood is one of the best in the game, 
And if you dont think so, fuck you. 
If you a non-believer, we gonna turn you into a believer. 
Fuck em. (Ace Hood) Take a look into my eyes and just tell me what you see. 
Tell me do you see the beast? They wanna let me off the leash. 
Way to many them niggas sleep, I spit fire 3 degree. 
Pussy niggas dont wanna believe, on my mama they gon' see. 
Got the hottest flow and Im honest though, 
Fuck what a nigga be modest fo' 
My conscious know, it's time for dough, somebody let them brothers know. 
Then I wanna let this problem in. 
Every year is my time again. 
Under-rated they contemplating and Im top five in they conversations. 
They say hurtin people been hatin on me, 
Oh well, nigga whats new? 
Still ridin in the Maybach and they face mad when I came through, 
These niggas say that I made it, gotta make a way for my baby, 
My mama cryin in that other room and them tears fall and I hate it, 
Next day I made me some changes, man up, nigga no complaining. 
Daddy left my younger stages had no choice I had to make it, 
Will not quit and I will re-pit and I wont consent with a nigga who snitch. 
Who on top it don't make no sense, 
Like a nigga who broke who make no cents . 
This their friends in the whip no tent, and I roll glis glis oh boy they pissed. 
Bluff request do make me sick. 
Your bitch blow me, C4 tick, tick. 
I got this shit, Khaled I got em, he go to war, I'm standin beside em. 
You gone need army, you gone need Navy, you gonna need soldiers, maybe Obama. Its that W-E T-H-E B-E-S carry the T. 
None of you niggas don't matter to me, 
Just start at your feet, then slaughter your beat. 
Feed me rappers, Bon-Appetite. 
Niggas be trippin, them choppas will speak. 
Came for the war, no longer the peace. 
Time for the blind be able to see 
None of these nigga aint nothin like me. 
24 years aint get no sleep, 26 inches on my Jeep, 
Feelin' like shackles on my feet, 
Know the date that they let me free, y'all in trouble OMG. 
Please, oh, please nigga pray for me. 
Killin this shit boy, R.I.P Ok, I'm back with the B and Im not gon' leave, 
In the back of the Jeep, y'all lookin for me. 
Capital A, capital C, capital E, H double OD. 
Free my niggas till they all get free, rep my city, gotta rep my team. 
Broward County President, thats the shit that I represent. 
Quarter mill for that whip I'm in. 
Pussy boys I never mind they diss. 
Eighty thousand, thats on my wrist. 
Take you chick and Ill make that bitch, eat the dick and take a flick. 
See that shit you'll have a fit. 
LOL Im out of state, young nigga tryin to get filthy rich. 
Im out 'chea, better bring your voucher. 
Better call your counselor, shit get real. 
Wanna think I'm coward? Oh, I aint bout it? 
Now your family, is pushin flowers. 
This to your mama, heard they got em. 
Never want that drama, never want that drama. Oh Lord, I pray the World don't end in January 
December 31st I made obituaries. 
All you niggas sleeping meet the cemetery, 
All you niggas sleeping meet the cemetery. 
Starvation, Starvation, 
God Bless this proud nation, 
God Bless this proud nation. 
2.