It was like some dark, dark dream. We had not heeded 
The warnings of the ancients, and now we would pay the price... here, within 
The catacombs of Ur. Lost within the lightless catacombs of Ur... Entombed within the ziggurats! Trapped forever in the catacombs of Ur... 
Your screams are heard in Babylon! Warnings etched into the cuneiform tablets of Ur... Entombed within the ziggurats! Behold the great Cthonic deities of Ur... 
Your screams are heard in Babylon! Here, beneath the eternally shifting sands, I sought 
Enlightenment... but found only damnation! You have defiled the sanctity of this sacred place! Ancient before the Fifth Cataclysm, here 
Between the two rivers in you're the Dreamer waits! And when the seal of the 
Seventh city is broken, then shall the dreamer in the catacombs of you're awaken! 
Forsaken (when His darksome splendorous glory eclipses it) burns the sun, Enthrone (the eternally) benighted one, Usurper of the skies. 
Named in (that black, shunned tome of ) forbidden lore, 
Destined to rule (this telluric sphere and the myriad stars beyond) once more, 
The Dreamer shall arise! Now, let the Gate yawn wide and the horrors of the Abyss engulf the earth, for 
The Dreamer in the catacombs is risen! How many of my colleague's rants were merely the result of his psychosis and 
How many were actually born of fact, I cannot discern... nor in truth do I 
Wish to. I have long felt the celebrated map of Admiral Piri Reis, which quite 
Astoundingly depicts the continent of Antarctica in a state wholly free 
Of the ice which has bound it ceaselessly since time immemorial, to be of 
Far wider and more resonant implications to humanity than the proud echelons Of the scientific community will ever dare admit. I believe that beneath the 
Ice-veiled surface of that southernmost continent lie the remnants of time-lost 
Civilisations which were ancient even before fabled Atlantis sank beneath 
The waves. Indeed, further translation of the sigils engraved into the Antediluvian artefact has imbued my oft derided theory with an unmistakable 
Aura of veracity. Piecing together the fragmentary records evidenced in this 
Incredible relic, whilst simultaneously cross referencing the resultant lore 
With information gleaned from other sources on the same theoretical subject, I have been able to extrapolate a meaning from the arcane carvings which 
Transcends all but my most fevered imaginings. What mighty cyclopean structures 
Once towered skyward where now only the desolate wind-whipped ice-wastes 
Endure? What splendid peoples once throve where now only the hardiest and most Resistant forms of life subsist? This ancient and wondrous testament is truly 
An elucidatory blessing to such idealistic questors as I, who are forever 
In Search Of The Lost Cities Of Antarctica: