Warm up: 
Black man with a fresh cut 
Pants sagging, see you done messed up 
Dress code got the nigga coming out'cha 
Ain't spoke one word, but they know all about'cha 
Top down with my hat low 
Riding round wit nowhere to go 
Beat up, working on my latest flow 
(Sirens), go ahead nigga take it slow Verse One: 
(Nah) Why do niggas get nervous, when them sirens surface? 
Probably cause they'll stomp a nigga out on purpose 
Homie must've fit a description 
You know the one that fit the dark skin you in 
Got any weapons? Where the weed nigga? 
In other words, a reminder that we niggas 
Check my record.. the shits clean 
Grew up on the southside where they claim them streets mean 
But every weapon drawn on me, been by those with badges 
Imagine.. what that do to a teenage psyche 
Or the niggas in my hood that look just like me 
Just showing off my new pair of all blue Nikes 
Now I'm gang affiliated, with straight A's?, unlikely 
Nigga ain't even out of High School 
And they taught me life don't play by my rules 
Just sit back, shut the fuck up and be cool 
And if you don't, well, peace dude 
Orange suit, pink bottoms, that's the dress code 
In that 6, ducee, in the middle drop that O 
Private prisons shopping niggas on the low 
Line'em up and knock'em over just like some dominos 
Truth is that lil nigga had no where to go 
Just headed down the road of the life he know Hook: 
Black man with a fresh cut 
Pants sagging, see you done messed up 
Dress code got the nigga coming out'cha 
Ain't spoke one word, but they know all about'cha 
This life got all kind of rules 
Sometimes they let a nigga by if he kind of cool 
Just smile and put on the best show 
But.. be weary of ya dress code Verse Two: 
They only like to scratch the surface 
You left ya block, now you got'em all nervous 
On elevators, they clutch they purses 
We started snatching'em, shit got worse then 
The lil homie, just dropped out of school 
Got a bitch pregnant, started flashing his tool 
Slung a lil dope and I asked why dude? 
He said... cuz that's what's nigga do 
How can you excel, when ya only hope is jail? 
When they treat you like a loser you can only expect to fail 
Gotta read between the lines, when you living in the hell 
If they hide it from ya eyes then learn to read braille 
Hidden Colors, this life don't love us 
Black woman's only hope show yo ass in them covers 
King Magazine, I thought he had a dream 
Woke up and saw Trayvon's murder scene 
Shit, look what they doing to Obama 
Brought'em into office just so he can drop bombs brah 
Protect Monsanto, snatch some civil rights 
He ain't in control yall, why can't you see the light? 
Black man's plight, black man's struggle 
Black men bred to fight, so black men hustle 
Truth is we got no where to go 
Just headed down the road of the life we know Hook: 
Black man with a fresh cut 
Pants sagging, see you done messed up 
Dress code got the nigga coming out'cha 
Ain't spoke one word, but they know all about'cha 
This life got all kind of rules 
Sometimes they let a nigga by if he kind of cool 
Just smile and put on the best show 
But.. be weary of ya dress code Verse Three: (Spoken Word) 
Ladies and Gentleman, 
Welcome to America's wasteland, your local neighborhood ghetto 
Where the grind is so deep, we can't seem to let go 
Surrounded by pimps, playas, hustlas and fiends 
Where things are as they seem, a land with no dreams 
No hope, no ambition, but niggas still got a make a living 
Ain't no 9 to 5's so I guess its time to ride 
Got kids we gotta provide for, keep ya eyes open for 5-0 
Cuz they don't give a fuck, they toss the drugs in ya back seat to make that quota 
And the ones outside of the ghetto hear about the drama but they don't wanna know though 
So we find ourselves stuck in a cycle, 
And when you try to rise above it all best friends become rivals.. Hook: 
Black man with a fresh cut 
Pants sagging, see you done messed up 
Dress code got the nigga coming out'cha 
Ain't spoke one word, but they know all about'cha 
This life got all kind of rules 
Sometimes they let a nigga by if he kind of cool 
Just smile and put on the best show 
But.. be weary of ya dress code