"And now the buffoon's date at the drive-in with the school's 
valedictorian." 
Valedictorian: "I really appreciate you're asking me out. Most people 
are intimidated by my high academic achievement." 
Buffoon: "This movie sucks shit!" 
Valedictorian: "Well, Ebel gave it thumbs up, but Ciscel thought it was 
too preachy. Anyway, I enjoyed the director's last film immensly." 
Buffoon: "Cathleen Turner has big fuckin' tits!" 
Valedictorian: "Yes, well, she recently had a child. I think her 
maternal biology may play a role in that. She looks fabulous for a woman 
her age, doesn't she?" 
Buffoon: "I put a firecracker in a bullfrog's mouth and blew his fuckin' 
head off." 
Valedictorian: "Well, in psychology we learned that it is not uncommon 
for male adolescents to commit savage acts on animals as part of their 
maturing process." 
Buffoon: "That girl in the fucking car in front of us, she gives 
everybody head." 
Valedictorian: "Well, I guess she's strong for attention and she feels 
promiscuity is the only way to obtain it." 
[Buffoon eating popcorn] 
Buffoon: "This popcorn's fuckin' terrible. It tastes like someone jizzed 
all over it." 
[Buffoon continues to eat popcorn] 
Valedictorian: "Well the amount of semen on this popcorn is certainly 
disturbing. Perhaps the staff in the refreshment stand was overcome by 
the monotony of their work and decided to play a childish prank." 
Buffoon: "I looked at my asshole in the mirror today. It blew my fuckin' 
mind!" 
Valedictorian: "It's ironic that parts of one's body seems odd and 
unusual because you don't see them on a day to day basis. 
Buffoon: "My father's shit stinks up the bathroom all fuckin' day!" 
Valedictorian: "It's puzzling why one person's fecal odor can be more 
overpowering than another's. I wonder whether it is a function of the 
food digested or that person's internal metabolism." 
Buffoon: "I'm gonna go get head from that fuckin' girl." 
[Gets out of the car] 
Valedictorian: "Well, I'm sorry to see the date come to such an abrubt 
conclusion." 
[Buffoon walking away] 
"I do appreciate the time you spent with me and look forward to a future 
rondevue." 
Buffoon: "I like to piss in that guy's fuckin' gas tank!" 
Valedictorian: "Bye bye! Have fun." 
[Buffoon continues to walk away]