(Enjolras gives Valjean a gun.) Enjolras 
Take this and use it well! 
But if you shoot us in the back, 
You'll never live to tell. Random Voices 
Platoon of sappers advancing toward the barricade! 
Troops behind them, fifty men or more! Enjolras 
FIRE! (Gunfire is heard.) Feuilly 
Sniper! (Valjean shoots a sniper who is aiming at Enjolras.) Lesgles 
See how they run away! Grantaire 
By God we've won the day! Enjolras 
They will be back again, 
Make an attack again. (To Valjean.) For your presence of mind 
For the deed you have done 
I will thank you M'sieur 
When our battle is won. Valjean 
Give me no thanks M'sieur 
There is something that you can do. Enjolras 
If it is in my power... Valjean 
Give me the spy Javert 
Let me take care of him Javert 
The law is inside out 
The world is upside down Enjolras 
Do what you have to do, 
The man belongs to you. The enemy may be regrouping. Hold yourself in readiness. 
Come my friends, back to your positions. 
The night is falling fast... (Valjean has taken Javert away.) Valjean 
We meet again. Javert 
You've hungered for this all your life; 
Take your revenge! 
How right you should kill with a knife! (Valjean cuts the ropes which bind Javert.) Valjean 
You talk too much, 
Your life is safe in my hands. Javert 
I don't understand Valjean 
Get out of here. Javert 
Valjean, take care, 
I'm warning you... Valjean 
Clear out of here. Javert 
Once a thief, forever a thief 
What you want you always steal! 
You would trade your life for mine. 
Yes, Valjean, you want a deal. 
Shoot me now for all I care! 
If you let me go beware. 
You'll still answer to Javert! Valjean 
You are wrong, and always have been wrong. 
I'm a man, no worse than any man. 
You are free, and there are no conditions, 
No bargains or petitions. 
There's nothing that I blame you for. 
You've done your duty, nothing more. 
If I come out of this alive, you'll find me 
At number fifty-five Rue Plumet 
No doubt our paths will cross again. (Valjean fires his gun into the air, Javert leaves quickly. 
Muted applause from the students who think Javert has been shot.) Enjolras 
Courfeyrac, you take the watch 
They won't attack until it's light 
Everybody stay awake 
We must be ready for the fight 
For the final fight 
Let no one sleep tonight!