I just wrote to tell you this; 
I did just my very best 
I went far but got stuck there 
I picked up the pieces, I was your vigilant soldier 
but the mass of the earth just weighed too heavily on me 
How can truth be opinion? 
How can fact be right and wrong? 
The familiar turned strange, good and evil unhinged. My utilitarian comfort unsettled 
Consequentialist moral reasons categorically examined 
Self-knowledge is a loss of innocence! 
I heard your call to arms 
set off the doomsday alarm, 
but never heard back 
So, I set out alone 
I dont believe all Ive been shown A quest for truth and fact 
I passed a desert town 
Uninhabitable pastures of ash brown 
Abandoned structures littered like an Aerstan scene 
But then desperate people appeared 
They had lived in constant drought for ten years 
ever since pollution got the best of them wiped them clean 
So, I thought "Ill take their curse away! 
Let them flourish, Ill take the pain." 
I lifted their drought and went on my way So Im asking you, help me carry? 
Im Atlas, Jesus and Hades 
Wont someone please take this weight off of me? 
The destination is obsolete The journey is bitter-sweet 
Logic and consistency do not mix with morality 
Justify your atrocities, the trump card never fails 
Remove the greed and the ego, and the consciences prevails 
No longer empty-handed, 
I stopped at the coast to rest 
but found a flood of people drowning in a sea of hatred 
They begged and pleaded "End this war! 
Have acceptance and peace restored!" 
So, I drank up all their poison oaths So Im asking you help me carry? 
Im Atlas, Jesus and Hades 
Wont someone please take this weight off of me? 
The destination is obsolete Theres nothing left but wrong with me 
Global systems all degrading 
Ill take the problems so the World can breathe 
And I have nowhere to take thewm so 
forever theyll accompany me 
The future is much longer than the past 
I picked up wrongs along the way 
removed them from the mass 
But I still had to jettison things 
to outrun gravity and not wanting to further pollute I just left behind parts of me 
Im collecting your tradition, your religion, your depression 
Im trading in your affection to put us all to sleep 
So here I lay, bent shoulders, broken ribs 
I sink into the earth and all I can hope is to take this baggage to the grave 
one more step I cannot take 
by the time you read this Ill have passed away.