Here comes the train 
Here comes the train! 
Here comes the train 
Here comes the train! All aboard, motherfucka, where you headed out there? 
We the tunnel rats riding without no care 
We big as hell and we fast now cow catch a run front 
Cause we push through the world and we hitting shit blunt 
We the night train traveling through the under layer 
And we lotus, we grow in the dark without a prayer 
And we out there, come holla, we'll be here tomorrow 
We aimed up and made noises in the dark like Amala 
I'm like (Eric!) send the cops over here double time 
I got a head inside a pillowcase I'm banging on a stop sign (Psh) 
Motherfucka, say hello to these tunnel runners 
We coming for you, gunning and stunning, and rep for many others 
Swario Atilishiki taught us to stab 
In my city get your titties and ass a first grab 
Hang on cause the train be hitting many corners fast 
Jump off, we move on and we forget your ass Take me through the underground 
Take me through the underground 
I don't want no sun. 
I don't want; I don't want sunlight no more 
Bury me deep underground. 
Bury me deep deep underground 
Let me tunnel run. 
Wanna be a tunnel runner, do ya wanna? We a train like a motherfucka long with no end 
They lead the witches everywhere, but leaving ain't my friend 
We see the train coming, richies running, locking they doors 
But they be tripping when the bullets clipping, ripping through the walls 
I gets' wicked like wonka, if you kill me I'll haunt ya 
And trap ya, wake Blaze up from the dead to bitch slap ya 
I lay in my bed, shoot Roman Candles at the ceiling 
I like the fire that rains, and I can't explain the feeling 
I know that I'm alone, but this train is packed 
With people just like me that don't know where the fuck we at 
But this the only format that we fitting, that's it 
Night train coming through with that wicked shit. 
I don't care about the dame that's tied up to the tracks. 
Or stalled out cars, we sawing all o' that in half. 
And don't miss it cause it ain't another train like this. 
So just ride, and don't waste the Whiz. (Shh) All aboard. 
If you think you can hang 
For wicked shit, this is your train 
All aboard 
Ain't shit out there the same 
For wicked shit, this is your train (Anybody Killa) 
Ya heard my homie Violent J, bitch. 
Step right up, come on in 
Let me see your life begin. 
Take a ride on this night train, psycho status. 
Must be this tall to ride, cause it's one of the fastest 
Hold tight, don't fall, where'd you get that ticket? 
The bitch bus left, and I think you missed it 
You know the drill, back to the caboose 
To shovel coal until you decide which path to choose 
We ain't never gonna stop, it's just too much fun 
We got everything we need, nothing has to be brung 
Boxcars full of dreams, schemes and thoughts 
Money making millionaires that were street smart taught 
Look out the window, stare into the eyes 
Of all the people watching us float right by 
Get out the way, coming through, put your penny on the track 
What you see is what you get, some happy traveling rats All aboard. 
If you think you can hang 
For wicked shit, this is your train 
(Hehehe, hey!) 
All aboard. 
Ain't shit out there the same. 
(Na Na Na Na Na Na Na) 
For wicked shit, this is your train. 
(Bwoop Bwoop Bwoop) 
All aboard. 
If you think you can hang. 
(From here to outer space) 
For wicked shit, this is your train. 
(Neptune, bitch!) 
All aboard. 
Ain't shit out there the same. 
(Chick, what!?) 
For wicked shit, this is your train. 
(Psychopathic, intergalactic!)