[Aceyalone:] 
Project low...yeah 
(I love it) Yeah-yeah! 
Whoo--coo-coo-coo... [Chorus: 2x] 
I go easy on the coke, you know 
heavy on the green, don't pop the pill 
amphetamine, or aspirin 
only thing I shoot up is the sound at the scene 
and if the DJ pull up, I still do my thing Hey! I gotta let you know I'm (real, real, real, real) 
tight, I'm unprofessional and this is how the session go 
look, I'm exceptional shine (real, real, real, real) 
bright, West Coast you know and yes 
I'm gonna test you tonight, sensational... (real, real, real, real) 
psyched, motivational I guess it's just 
a sign of the times, and when I'm facin' you 
it's real, real, real high, I got a tune for you 
more than just a couple of lines... [Chorus] I go easy on the coke, you know 
heavy on the green, don't pop the pill 
amphetamine, or aspirin 
only thing I shoot up is the sound at the scene 
and if the DJ pull up... [Chali 2Na:] 
Yo, Chali 2Na! I'm the viscious, contraversial, I'm 
real, real, real, real, ill every verse I I pull will lead 
a horse to water, to drink 
and if they're thirsy for the 
real, real, real, real deal show no mercy when 
I spit it cause I want 'em to think 
Don't take it personal, I'm real, real, real, real 
straight, make it perfect for the people 
in the place to connect 
I'm never fake I keep it 
real, real, real, real 
safe the type a stuff to show the celebrated respect [Bionik:] 
Say me no sniff coke don't take me fig a joke 
smoke off the green when I land on the scene 
Hey who you with, take a puff off the spliff 
everybody know the type of flow you dealin' with, 
no pop pill, cuz' it might make me ill 
got to spread the word, so the people know the deal 
forget what ya heard, yo I got to keep it real... 
lemme roll it up, and light it up, and smoke it... 
yeah [Chorus: 2x] [Aceyalone:] 
Cause on the mic ya'll, I'm 
real, real, real, real nice 
so excellent, I let it all be known 
to the world, pyro-techno 
real, real, real, real 
twice, far as my heff go 
betta me keep away from me (yeah!) 
can't let go I'm real, real, real, real 
close to the soundset, when I hear the 
rhythm I take, manifesto 
real, real, real, real 
dope, gimme a light bulb 
first you gotta gimme some mo' [Bionik:] 
Say me no sniff coke don't take me fig a joke 
smoke off the green when I land on the scene 
Hey who you with, take a puff off the spliff 
everybody know the type of flow you dealin' wit' 
no pop pill, cuz' it might make me ill 
got to spread the word, so the people know the deal 
forget what ya heard, yo I got to keep it real... 
lemme roll it up, and light it up, and smoke it... 
yeah