Dear Diary Mood: Apathetic My life is spiraling downward 
I couldn't get enough money to go to the Blood Red Romance and Suffocate Me Dry concert 
It sucks cause they play some of my favorite songs like Stab My Heart Because I Love You and Rip Apart My Soul and of course Stabby Rip Stab Stab and It doesn't help that I couldn't get my hair to do that flippy thing either, 
Like that guy from that band can do...Some days... I'm an emo kid, non-conforming as can be. 
You'd be non-conforming too if you looked just like me 
I have paint on my nails and makeup on my face 
I'm almost emo enough to start shaving my legs 
Cause I feel real deep when I'm dressing in drag 
I call it freedom of expression, most just call me a fag 
'Cause our dudes look like chicks, and our chicks look like dykes 
Cause emo is one step below transvestite Stop my breathing and slit my throat 
I must be emo I don't jump around when I go to shows 
I must be emo I'm dark and sensitive with low self esteem 
The way I dress makes everyday feel like Halloween 
I have no real problems but I like to make believe 
I stole my sisters mascara now I'm grounded for a week 
Sulking and writing poetry are my hobbies 
I cant get through a hawthorne heights album without sobbing 
Girls keep breaking up with me, it's never any fun 
They say they already have a pussy, they don't need another one. Stop my breathing and slit my throat 
I must be emo I don't jump around when I go to shows 
I must be emo Dye in my hair and polish on my toes 
I must be emo I play guitar and write suicide notes 
I must be emo My life is just a black abyss... ya know..its so dark. And its suffocating me, grabbing a hold of me and tightening its grip, tighter than a pair of my little sisters jeans...which look great on me by the way. When I get depressed I cut my wrist in every direction 
Hearing songs about getting dumped gives me an erection 
I write in a live journal and wear thick rimmed glasses 
I tell my friends I bleed black and cry during classes 
Im just a bad, cheap imitation of goth 
You can read me Catcher in the Rye and watch me jack off 
I wear skin tight clothes while hating my life 
If I said I like girls, I'd only be half right. I look like I'm dead and dress like a homo 
I must be emo Screw X-box I play old school Nintendo 
I must be emo I like to whine and hate my parentals 
I must be emo Me and my friends all look like clones 
I must be emo My parents don't get me, ya know 
They think I'm gay just because they saw me kiss a guy...well, a couple guys. But, I mean, it's the 2000s. Cant 2...or 4 dudes make out with each other without being gay? 
I mean, chicks dig that kind of thing anyways. 
I don't know diary, sometimes I think you are the only one that gets me. Youre my best friend. ...I feel like tacos