I love you, need you 
Need you here to stay Girl you're on my mind like 24/7 
Every single time that I'm not with you 
If you spend the night, baby it could be heaven 
Hit me on my line if you're tryna come through I feel my heartbeat bumpin' to the bass 
Bum bum bum bum 
She give me butterflies and they won't go away 
Oh wey oh wey 
Under the stars, she took my hand and said 
"Love, you, need you, need you here to stay" I'd like to give you what you need 
I try but you're makin' it hard for me 
How do I make you believe? 
'Cause I love you, need you, need you here to stay I'd like to give you what you need 
I try but you're makin' it hard for me 
How do I make you believe? 
'Cause I love you, need you, need you here to stay Every time you're distant, girl somethin' is missin' 
And wish that I could fix it, I wish things were different 
What else, what else 
If you love me, girl then say it, say what else 
What else, if you wanna be my baby I feel my heartbeat bumpin' to the bass (bum bum bum bum) 
She give me butterflies and they won't go away (oh wey oh wey) 
Under the stars, she took my hand and said 
"I love, you, need you, need you here to stay" I'd like to give you what you need (give you what you need) 
I try but you're makin' it hard for me (makin' it hard for me) 
How do I make you believe? 
'Cause I love you, need you, 
I need you here to stay (yeah) I'd like to give you what you need (what you need) 
I try but you're makin' it hard for me 
How do I make you believe? 
'Cause I love you, need you 
Need you here to stay (Sean Don) Yup 
Is this what you want? 
The baddest, the baddest 
I know what you want (want) 
Without askin' 
I hit once, have to have it, 
I hit it twice, it's a habit 
Don't get caught up in traffic 
I heard that it's hazardous 
There's storm and no silence to add on the mattress 
I just keep askin, is it real, is it real? Look, tell me, is it real? 
Yep, real enough to go and get it tatted, give you flowers 
Now you look like you're on a pageant 
I can take you to the crib, condo, or the cabin, what's up? 
If you make it, I can make it happen, I can grant it 
Don't you take my "grant it" though for granted 
I know that's not your intent, we ain't even campin' and to leave this 
Bed I'mma need a fuckin' ransom man I got her screamin' 
"Finally Famous!" when we fly around 
Never lie to you 'less I lie you down 
I put the writin' on the wall 
But you don't understand it all like we in Chinatown 
We one and one, both one of ones 
And when you put the twos together 
That's not twenty-two, it's forever 
I promise 20-20 couldn't even make it clearer, I swear 
Sean Don I'd like to give you what you need (give you what you need) 
I try but you're makin' it hard for me (makin' it hard for me) 
How do I make you believe? 
'Cause I love you, need you, need you here to stay yeah I'd like to give you what you need (what you need) 
I try but you're makin' it hard for me (yeah) 
How do I make you believe? 
'Cause I love you, need you, need you here to stay