Wedding Chorale/Beggars at the Feast by Les Miserables Cast 
(Marius and Cosette lead a wedding procession) CHORUS 
Ring out the bells 
Upon this day of days! May all the angels 
Of the Lord above In jubilation 
Sing their songs of praise! And crown this 
Blessed time with 
Peace and love. (The procession becomes a dancing celebration. A waltz is played) MAJOR DOMO 
The Baron and Baroness de Thnard wish to pay their respects to the groom! THENARDIER 
I forget where we met 
Was it not at the Chateau Lafarge 
Where the Duke did that puke 
Down the Duchess's de-coll-etage? MARIUS 
No, `Baron de Thnard' 
The circles I move in are humbler by far. 
Go away, Thnardier! 
Do you think I don't know who you are? MME. THENARDIER 
He's not fooled. Told you so. 
Show M'sieur what you've come here to show. 
Tell the boy what you know! MARIUS 
When I look at you, I remember Eponine. 
She was more than you deserved, who gave her birth 
But now she is with God and happier, I hope, 
Than here on earth! 
The waltz starts up again. THENARDIER 
So it goes, heaven knows 
Life has dealt me some terrible blows. MME. THENARDIER 
You've got cash and a heart 
You could give us a bit of a start! 
We can prove, plain as ink 
Your bride's father is not what you think. THENARDIER 
There's a tale I could tell MME. THENARDIER 
Information we're willing to sell... THENARDIER 
There's a man that he slew 
I saw the corpse clear as I'm seeing you! 
What I tell you is true! MME. THENARDIER 
Pity to disturb you at a feast like this 
But five hundred francs surely wouldn't come amiss. MARIUS 
In God's name say what you have to say. THENARDIER 
But first you pay! 
What I saw, clear as light, 
Jean Valjean in the sewers that night. 
Had this corpse on his back 
Hanging there like a bloody great sack. 
I was there, never fear. 
Even found me this fine souvenir. (Thnardier shows Marius a ring) MARIUS 
I know this! This was mine! 
This is surely some heavenly sign! THENARDIER 
One thing more, mark this well 
It was the night the barricades fell. MARIUS 
Then it's true. Then I'm right. 
Jean Valjean was my savior that night! (Marius punches Thnardier and then throws money at him) As for you, take this too! 
God forgive the things that we do. 
Come my love, come Cosette, 
This day's blessings are not over yet! (Marius and Cosette leave) BEGGARS AT THE FEAST THENARDIER 
Ain't it a laugh 
Ain't it a treat? 
Hob-nobbin' here 
Among the elite? 
Here comes a prince 
There goes a Jew. 
This one's a queer 
But what can you do? 
Paris at my feet 
Paris in the dust 
And here's me breaking bread 
With the upper crust! Beggar at the feast! 
Master of the dance! 
Life is easy pickings 
If you grab your chance. 
Everywhere you go 
Law-abiding folk 
Doing what is decent 
But they're mostly broke! 
Singing to the Lord on Sundays 
Praying for the gifts He'll send. M. & MME. THENARDIER 
But we're the ones who take it 
We're the ones who make it in the end! 
Watch the buggers dance 
Watch 'em till they drop 
Keep your wits about you 
And you stand on top! 
Masters of the land 
Always get our share 
Clear away the barricades 
And we're still there! 
We know where the wind is blowing 
Money is the stuff we smell. 
And when we're rich as Croesus 
Jesus! Won't we see you all in hell!