They don't want music, they don't know how to use it 
All they want is (a boom, boom, boom, boom) Hey y'all, John Coltrane yeah he plays the sax 
Me, myself I love to max 
Up in the studio laying tracks 
Burn it on the CD, melt the wax 
And now I'm feeling fine 
Coz daily music's on my mind 
And I feel mellow 
When I watch the girl play the cello 
Hello to all my fellow peers in here for the quality 
Music quality, yeah 
That'll be the focus in the top pick of the day 
So pass the peas like we used to say 
Pass the beats like they used to say 
Pass the phunk like they used to say 
That's my joint like we used to say 
Syncopation the true school way I don't know what you came to do 
I came to drop the funk on you 
Depends on that sonic sound 
But you know what? 
They don't want music [x2] 
They just want (a boom, boom, boom boom boom [x2]) 
They don't want music, they don't know how to use it 
They don't want music [x2] 
They don't want music, they don't know how to use it 
The good back horn 
They don't want music, they don't know how to use it 
All they want is (a boom, boom, boom, boom, boom boom boom) Ooh, la la aw wee wee 
Nowadays music is all about fee 
The soul is caged no bits now free 
Unless the rhyme was rocked by me 
I got the balls to bang (baw ba-ba-baw, ba-ba-baw, ba-baw bang) 
Yeah, steady, just doing my thang (steady, just steady, just doing my own thang) 
I just do it (ha!) 
I just do it you know 
My momma said to do what you know 
So I'ma do what I know 
James Brown gave me the fluid 
That means a baby could do it 
The Peas will do it so Do it, do it, do it 
Get up on the stage and release my fluid 
Do my thing, do it through the music 
Funkafied and therapeutic I don't know what you came to do 
I came to drop the funk on you 
Depends on that sonic sound 
But you know what? 
They don't want music [x2] 
They just want (a boom, boom, boom boom boom [x2]) 
They don't want music, they don't know how to use it 
They don't want music [x2] 
They don't want music, they don't know how to use it 
The good back horn 
They don't want music, they don't know how to use it 
All they want is (a boom, boom, boom, boom, boom boom boom) Wait a minute! 
You got to rock with the funk (if you wanna have a good time) [x2] 
You got to roll with the funk (if you wanna have a good time) [x2] 
You got to roll with the funk (if you wanna be sweet and fine, hey! Hey! Hey!) 
Rock with the punk (if you gonna have a good time) 
You got to roll with the funk (if you wanna have a good time) 
A woman that'll funk your horn now (gimme that funky horn!) 
Play that funky horn now (gimme that funky horn) 
Gimme that funky horn now (gimme that funky horn) 
Hey! Hey! Hey! You got to rock with the funk (if you wanna have a good time) 
You've got to roll with the funk (if you wanna have a good time) 
You got to dance with the funk (if you wanna be sweet and fine) 
I said I like to dance with the funk (if you wanna be sweet and fine) 
You've got to shake with the funk (if you wanna have a good time) 
Shaking shaking shaking with the funk (if you wanna have a good time) Gimme that funky horn (gimme that funky horn) 
I need that funky horn (I need that funky horn) 
Play that funky horn now (gimme that funky horn) 
A break down, a break down, a break, get down Dance everybody move your body through the music 
Get it started, get into it 
Come on everybody do it 
You've got to dance through the music 
People doing what you're doing 
People grooving with the music 
You've got to roll with the funk Roll with your funk (if you're wanna have a good time) 
R-O-double-L keep rolling with the funk (if you're wanna have a good time) 
And roll! To a funky place 
I'm rolling (where?) 
To a to a to a funky funky place 
I'm rolling! To a funky place 
I'll be there, I'll be there, I'll be there, I'll be there... 
It's funky, funk, funk, funk funky...