I'll take you higher Listen, 
Not queuing at the bar, 
Catch me at the table, 
Treacle walks past, 
Sweeter than maple, 
Piercing in her navel, 
Left school long time ago but got class, everything's tasteful, 
Paris for the weekend, Barca on a week day, 
Shopping up in nights-bridge, bidding on eBay, 
trips to harvendarge just to get a bit of cheesecake, 
don't have to get the burger, lobster or the beef steak, 
major, ain't got time for a hater, later, all up in my boat like a sailor, do me a favour, 
fix your face, no make-up, 
mandem lets never get divided by the paper, stay the same as when we used to chill and play sega, 
live the dream that why gran come from Jamaica, 
living life fast, living life large, feet on tha ground but I reach for the stars. Chorus 
wahhoo, Let me be your fantasy. 
Living life fast, living life large 
Let me be your fantasy 
got my feet on the ground but I reach for the stars. 
Let me be your fantasy 
living life fast, living life large, hands in the air gonna reach for the stars. 
Ill take you higher, I'll take you higher. Let me tell you gwarn what, I am at the IMAX, 
twinkle I'm a star, people know who I am, 
plus I go hard you too be on your ipad, 
trips in my van, moheatos on the island, white sand, 
roll the red carpets, look Tony starkish, drop a bolt, if it's not positive I'm not involved, 
I believe in karma, so the dramas all hollyoaks, plus I got targets, lock and load, 
champagne flutes, blow it like a whistle, tell a few jokes make everybody giggle, 
watch the grankids run away from the tickles, throw it on the floor watch the jerk chicken sizzle, 
everybody siffle, no piggie in the middle, things I dreamed about ever since I was little, 
living life fast, living life large, feet on the ground but I reach for the stars. Chorus 
Wahhoo; Let me be your fantasy. 
Living life fast, living life large 
Let me be your fantasy 
got my feet on the ground but I reach for the stars. Let me be your fantasy 
living life fast, living life large, hands in the air gonna reach for the stars. 
Ill take you higher, I'll take you higher, I'll take you higher 
Let me be your....Fantasy 
Let me be your fantasy, Fantasy yeah, Fantasy yeah 
Ill take you higher.