Mike Green (yeeeeaaahhh) Acccee Quiiipps Bridge You can go and do. whatever you want to , its what you want ta do, cause you make the rules, this aint a honey moon, this what you wanted boo., so don't be getting mad if you feeling like a fool. Chorus 
you can't do what you want to do when you want to. I wanted more than friens but you just changed the rules. now the games set and we have way to much to lose (baby) Now i don't care cause you have changed my point of view. (Babbyyyy) Verse 1 
From day one i thought you was exquisite.told your friend i wanted to holler i thought you was different. started talking real i guess you wanted fiction. two years with your old man i give a lifetime commitment. most men are unwillin. I'm a different kind of breed. i'm the type to let you wipe your tears on thousand dollar sleeves. thought you was right the one to wife. you had a different policy.friends with benefits okay but on the cool that bothered me.i couldn't get with it. sex then after kissin. i'm confused are we together either we are or we isn't. so tell me which is it.cause baby girl i'm driven. want to switch positions under linen no point in pretendin. just come get what you came for. i know what its made for. in your gut bust a nut then leave like its a lame chore.you get what you put in it. and this is what you paid for. you know the rules you played yourself (haaa) game over. Chorus 
you can't do what you want to do when you want to. I wanted more than friens but you just changed the rules. now the games set and we have way to much to lose (baby) Now i don't care cause you have changed my point of view.(Babbyyyy) Verse 2 
what you say. why i ain't in contact. last time i checked that wasn't no where in the contract. matter fact to be exact you said we not exclusive so don't be confusin what you want by what you be choosin. i go off what you say.now you can't be selective. it's either black or white, no grey in my perspective. that wishy washy attitude whats got me on a lateral. moving sideways. how you feeling described as natural.you see me with a female. now you sending emails. all in my business like who is she and you want details.. (pppstt) girl please. this is what you wanted right. held you on high esteem you showed me what you really like. that altered my vision now the dollars my mission. you were clear with your words. i don't bother to listen . to any variation of a longer edition of a book i've been through. The author here is quittin. Chorus 
you can't do what you want to do when you want to. I wanted more than friends but you just changed the rules. now the games set and we have way to much to lose (baby) Now i don't care cause you have changed my point of view.(Babbyyyy)