Everything I have, everything I own, 
All my mistakes, fan, you already know. 
I wanna be free, (free) I wanna be free. (free) From Senegal West Africa 
To St. Louis, Missouri, 
Thanks to Katherine Dunham 
For giving my pops his glory. 
He came down with his drum 
And a dream to change the world 
In a free uplifting world 
And that's all he ever want. 
Mom came a little after, 
Gave birth to my brother. 
Then all of the pressure 
Made 'em fight one another. 
See, the pain would never last, 
Did the best with what they had, 
He knew the world was out for grabs 
And he searched to find his Freedom, Freedom, Freedom, (oh) Freedom 
Everything I have, (have) everything I own, 
All my mistakes, fan, you already know. 
I wanna be free, (free) I wanna be free. 
So, I search to find my (find my) Freedom, Freedom, (oh yea) Freedom, (oh) Freedom 
Everything I have, (have) everything I own, 
All my mistakes, girl, you already know. 
I wanna be free, (free) I wanna be free, (free) yeah. As a kid I never knew 
I'd have to hustle just to make it through. 
So, I found myself skipping school, 
'Cause the girls don't think I'm cool. 
And because of that I didn't care 
Whether or not I went to jail, 
I just wanna be treated fair, 
'Cause that's all I ever knew. 
Tellin' me I need to slow down, (slow down) 
'Cause everybody in the whole town, (whole town) 
'Cause they know how I get down, (get down) 
Foreigner from another town. (whole town) 
Can you believe we still around? (slow down) 
After so many hit the ground. (the ground) 
And we ain't gonna stop now, (stop now) 
Until we get that Freedom, (oh) Freedom, (oh) Freedom, (oh) Freedom 
Everything I have, (have) everything I own, (own) 
All my mistakes, fan, you already know, (yea) 
I wanna be free, (free) I wanna be free, 
(Won't stop till I find my) Freedom, (my Freedom) Freedom, (my Freedom) Freedom, (oh) Freedom 
Everything I have, (have) everything I own, (own) 
All my mistakes, girl, you already know, (yeah) 
I wanna be free, (free) I wanna be free. (free) If you wanna be free, and the land is drug-free, 
Put your hands up, (hey) put your hands up. (hey) 
If you wanna be free, from all your misery, 
Put your hands up, (hey) put your hands up. (hey) 
If you wanna be free, with plenty money, 
Put your hands up, (hey) put your hands up. (hey) 
If you wanna be free, just praise G-O-D, 
Put your hands up, (hey) put your hands up. (hey) Freedom, (oh) Freedom (Freedom), Freedom, (oh) Freedom 
Everything I have, everything I own, 
All my mistakes, girl, you already know 
I wanna be free (wanna be free), 
I wanna be free (wanna be free yea yea yea yea)