I was walking down 42nd street one day, 
I wasn't workin'42nd street I was walkin 
42nd street. And this amazing thing 
happened to me. It was July it was about 
89 degrees. It was hot, hot for New York 
You know and I was walking east and this 
humungous person was coming west. And she 
had this big blue house dress on peppered 
all over with little white daisies. She was 
almost bald but sitting on top of her head, 
forehead you know on her forehead was this 
fried egg. Which I thought was really unusual. 
Because in New York City the ladies with the 
fried eggs on their heads don't generally come 
out until September or October you know. Here 
was this lady this demented lady with a little 
fried egg on her head in the middle of July. 
God what a sight and ever, ever since I saw that 
lady not one day goes by that I don't think of 
her and I say to myself "Oh God, don't let me 
wake up tomorrow and want to put a fried egg on 
my head. Oh God. "Then I say real fast I say " Oh 
God, If by chance I should wind up with a fried 
egg on my head";cause sometimes you can't help those 
things you know, you can't. I say to myself "don't 
let anybody notice."And then I say real fast after 
that "if they do notice that I'm carrying something 
that, that's not quite right and they want to talk 
about it, let 'em talk about it but don't let 'em 
talk so I can hear I don't want to hear it." Cause 
the truth about fried eggs, you can call it a fried 
egg, you can call it anything you like, but everybody 
gets one, some people wear 'em on the outside, some 
people they wear 'em on the inside. We had an apartment in the city. 
Me and my husband liked living there. 
It's been years since the kids have grown, 
a life of their own, left us alone. John and Linda live in Omaha. 
Joe is somewhere on the road. 
We lost Davy in the Korean war. 
I still don't know what for, don't matter any more. You know that old trees just grow stronger, 
and old rivers grow wilder every day, 
but old people, they just grow lonesome 
waiting for someone to say, 
"Hello in there. Hello" Me and my husband, we don't talk much anymore. 
He sits and stares through the backdoor screen. 
And all the news just repeats itself 
like some forgotten dream 
that we've both seen. Someday I'll go and call up Judy. 
We worked together at the factory. 
Ah, but what would I say when she asks what's new? 
Say, "Nothing, what's with you? 
Nothing much to do." You know that old trees just grow stronger, 
and old rivers grow wilder every day, 
ah, but old people, they just grow lonesome 
waiting for someone to say, 
"Hello in There. Hello." So if you're walking down the street sometime 
and you should spot some hollow ancient eyes, 
don't you pass them by and stare 
as if you didn't care. 
Say, "Hello in there. Hello."