The dramatic achievements in space which have occurred in recent weeks 
Should have made clear to us all 
As did Sputnik in 1957 
The impact of this invention in the minds of men everywhere 
Who are attempting to make a determination 
Of which road they should take A captain inspires 
Thats's what they always say 
I'm gonna make it someday 
Reach for the skies 
Let the trees fall as they ay 
I'm gonna make it someday 
Oh oh 
Mmm mmm 
I'm gonna make it someday 
Free from disguise 
That's how I kiss my prey 
I know I'll make it someday Yo 
Dangerous weapons 
Proceed at your own discretion 
There's no time for panic or emergency exits 
Words surge, burn like electrical antiseptic on you germs 
There's no chance for paramedics 
This is Asiatic (?) Krishna, Vishnu 
Rule the black bishop over the world like a guided missile 
We shall overcome over drums 
No one knows when the winter time comes 
Fallout (?) dope killa bee (?) 
Fresh brewski from distillery 
(?) cheerio cereal 
If you like the lake full of (?) 
Deliver your mind, strive immaterial 
Substance associated to weakness to the inferior 
Trust in this poison that's been pushed through the stereo 
Lusting for success, yes 
Never getting blessed, no 
Because they're unwilling to fulfill the spiritual Its a jungle of lies 
I know how to clear my way 
I'm gonna make it someday Seep like the violet they're chosen like (?) 
The stone in the ocean and peace (?) 
You are known there 
Very known, very known Seep like the violet they're chosen like (?) 
The stone in the ocean and peace (?) 
You are known there 
Very known, very known Trapped inside the schism of capitalism 
Baptism, fascism, terrorism 
Knowing that all these -isms are just another prism 
Another prison 
Designed to smother vision 
How can a child survive inside this world without his mother's wisdom 
For heaven's sake, I've been trapped in a pit of snakes 
Trying to speed ball through my life 
Then I hit the brakes 
Made a right at the light 
Come to learn 
That the light expels the darkness 
(?) like softness, absorbs the heartless 
Are you Kennedy, Malcolm X, or Marcus 
(?) or (?) is a black caucus 
He said listen I could be (?) 
And I'll be that way until my (?) are exhausted 
He trusted on the cross 
Kissing on the Bible 
Then he took and tossed it 
Its like a bad habit 
Dagnamit he lost it 
The illusion of luxury, men cannot afford it Reach for the skies, its a free fall all the way 
I'm gonna make it someday 
Mmm mmm mmm 
I'm gonna make it someday Adolescence 
All those anti-depressants 
No substance, no wisdom 
They're lacking their essence 
Sex dressing, quickly undressing 
Not knowing that their fortune is ruled by the present 
Don't know their lessons 
Don't bear witness to God while life is evidence 
They'd rather risk their lives for those old dead presidents 
And live in strife in the concrete settlement 
Never realizing that man means intelligence 
Used to be so relevant 
Knowledge is relevant 
(?) is benevolent but don't be malevolent 
To those who try to teach you the truth a (?) you testaments 
Become the civilized and rise to pure excellence Seep like the violet they're chosen like (?) 
The stone in the ocean and peace (?) 
You are known there 
Very known, very known