Me best friend and me had a day by the sea 
cos the office was getting us down 
Won't it be grand just to lie on the sand 
and get meself all nice and brown? 
I had on me smallest bikini 
which is always a strain on me nerves 
I mean it's alright on the straight bits, 
but it loses control on the curves. 
so i got out me lotion and went to the ocean, 
I was tanning meself on the front. 
me little bikini was really quite teeny, 
though it seemed to be bearing the brunt. 
I slipped on a cornet and thought "Ooh that's torn it" 
I could feel I was losing me top 
I looked a right clown, me defenses were down 
and me show began to flop! Why not grin bear it? 
don't be scared to share it 
you can all have fun lying in the sun 
so come on girls and air it this bloke asked you from women's lib, 
and I thought he was poised for a snatch 
but he said "how d'you feel about burning your bra?" 
and then he gave me a match 
and you know I was starting to like it, 
cos me body felt unchained and free, 
it was getting so hot I thought I might drop the lot 
and have a quick dip in the sea! Why not grin bear it? 
don't be scared to share it 
you can all have fun lying in the sun 
so come on girls and air it then a man came along clutching two 99's, 
while I'm sunning meself on the peer, 
he slipped on some stones 
and two freezing cones landed right on the spot I most feared, 
I was screaming about 
with these ices stuck out, 
I thought me resistance would break, 
when this little boy ran up 
crying "Oy! what you done with me chocolate flake?" Why not grin bear it? 
don't be scared to share it 
you can all have fun lying in the sun 
so come on girls and air it This copper arrived with his notebook 
and he waved it around in me face 
and he mentioned indecent exposure 
"where d'you think this is? san tropez?" 
he wanted to see my credentials 
"I'll have to take everything down" 
"Ain't you already seen enough officer? 
I'm just trying to get 'em brown!" Why not grin bear it? 
don't be scared to share it 
you can all have fun lying in the sun 
ain't no crime to keep abreast of the times! 
so come on girls and air it