[Chorus] 
Hard times got my mind in bind. 
I'll go crazy tryin' to climb out the grime that's in my life (my life). 
I'm surprised I survived. 
It's amazin'! (amazin') 
I'm alive, I got by with my life! Every time I look around it seem 
Like I'm in trouble, pressured by the devil. 
Lord I love You and I really trust You. 
Wish that I could hug You. 
Disappear from the grain and the rubble 
And I'm tryin' to keep from going under. 
We ride, Eastside, blowin' in the wind. 
Each time I try, they lie, no lie! 
Judgin' from the outside lookin' in. 
Never had a clue of what Id really do. 
The ghetto pushin' through, but I'm a do it right. 
Never buckle, never stop to struggle! 
Layzie gotta muscle through the pressure, 
Bust pipes, my life, highlights, 
Bright lights, all right! Story of a warrior. 
My flight, final destination, thug motivation, 
Time never wastin', pacin' my stride. Tryin' to get it good! Feel the hustle and flow. 
You know we are them mighty soldiers. 
Had it been for all the shit we been through 
And doin' whatever but God surely knows. 
So here we are steady on the go. 
Its too late cause we been through crazy. 
Everyday seem to bring a twist 
That take us on a loop but we don't let it phase. 
Raisin these babies through it. 
We never run away from responsibility, but where you goin'? 
Youre gonna have to face the music anyway. 
Livin' through a true reality but you be blowin'!. 
If they test you make em feel the pressure, 
Let off some aggression and yo the flesh 
Will really give em something to stress, 
More likely even less. [Chorus] My life! (My life) 
Lil' nigga bailin' through the hood, 
Livin' crooked like I could. 
Get cha for your goods! Make it understood! Put it on the wood! 
Nigga what! (what!) I used to have to grind in the dough. 
Did a little time in the poke. 
A couple wicked rhymes 
That I wrote really helped a nigga shine with my folks. 
Cause, nigga, I was broke. 
Eazy heard us go. And Eazy said, 
Whoa, yall niggas dope! 
Five niggas loc, five killer flows, y'all finna blow! 
So temptation made us sign the papers overnight sensation! 
Clearly chasing satan. 
Niggas really famous. 
Got a lot of haters, calling us the greatest, 
Number one and can't nobody fade us! 
Got that top spot (done did it, done did it) 
And then came back fallin' down. (down) I don't know what happened? 
What happened? Why did Eazy die? 
Whats wrong with Bizzy? He alright! 
Is Flesh really comin' home? Is Bizzy comin' home? 
Just wish he'd come and take Henny the dome! 
I'm so high, stay faded. (faded) 
Might feel a little better but the pain stays there. 
Its OK, the real gotta spike. 
Everywhere we go, the hood ? 
They can relate to the fight, the real from the fake. 
Sound good hes alive. [Chorus] As I wake up early in the morning. 
Light my cigarette and wake up all my bitches. 
Take a shower, quickly tell The Lord I love Him! 
Didn't invite the devil cause I gave him ? evil. 
I never ever thought I'd keep my candles-lit up, 
Get em' hit em' get em' ? Bizzy! 
Nobody know my struggle nor my hustle. 
I'm a certified rider! Gave up all my children. 
Women in my shit and dipping, 
Now you know the Lord is always with me that's my only weapon. 
Talk to every sinner Bless em'. 
Then I raise my seven ? and I don't give a fuck either! 
Television celebratin Livin ? 
Every now and then I'm chillin'. 
Nigga this is my life and I'm a live it 
And give it right back to God. 
Now listen!