(Chorus 1) 
And I tried to make you understand that Baby I'm not sorry, Oh I'm not sorry, Yeah I'm not sorry, Baby I'm not sorry 
I dropped my walls, and opened locks, let you in 
Shared with you all those thoughts about you movin' in 
Put all my trust in while we were a fling 
Cause I don't pretend, say it to the end, I'm not sorry 
(Verse 1) 
Apologies won't come from me, Don't believe ya to be someone of a quality, 
You're lower than the European economies, 
I know what you do with your friends when you visit at their colleges, 
Spittin' red cup mythology, And they all eat it up like piranhas see? 
Don't acknowledge me anymore, 
I can't fuck with you, I don't know what to do, 
You were way too quick to get comfortable, 
And we all know this shits nothing new, 
When girl I've done enough for you, 
And I'm hardly getting repaid, 
Many days since we laid, 
Are we now in fifth grade? 
You're just afraid 
It's a difference of opinion, I think ya wished it was different, 
But ya kissed him in the kitchen, So I went along and broke it, 
Sorry I didn't want to continue this intermission, 
I'm in the middle of switching to someone more open, HA! 
You thought I wouldn't notice, 
But I only focus on what I keep closest, 
You're a plague, I don't need no locusts, 
Go find out what's at the bottom of the ocean! 
Oh shit don't hold me back, 
Peace and love and you owe me that, 
Leaving you the loneliest, 
And girl fall back like the foliage, HA! 
Ya can't change the past, 
No you're never shakin' that. 
And I hate you now. 
(Chorus 2) 
But Baby I'm not sorry, Oh I'm not sorry, Yeah I'm not sorry, Baby I'm not sorry 
I dropped my walls, and opened locks, let you in, 
Shared with you all those thoughts about you movin' in, 
Put all my trust in while we were a fling, 
Cause I don't pretend, say it to the end, I'm not sorry 
(Verse 2) 
Where do we go now? 
You know I wile out every time that I go south, 
Ain't nothing to talk about cause I'm on my own now, 
A situation that I had to just pull out, 
I always knew that it wouldn't last, 
So you can get that tattoo with your own cash, 
Didn't wanna admit it but you've got no class, 
It's hard to get used to someone who moves so fast, 
And so! You're dead to me, It's not destiny, 
Ya took ecstasy in Chesapeake, 
You don't need to tell me the rest of it, 
Me recipe is excellent, 
You're another notch on my headboard, 
Don't test me, Payback had to be the next thing, well 
Never never let her get near me again naw (3x) 
(Chorus 2) 
Commit those crimes they a piece of me, 
Won't admit those lies they a piece of me, 
Step front in front truth they my reasoning, 
Came to conclusion, Wish I never knew it, I'm not sorry.