Good times and bum times, I've seen them all and, my dear, 
I'm still here! 
Gold statue sometimes, 
Sometimes a kick-in-the-rear, but I'm here 
Now one day you're hailed for blazing trails 
Next you're nailed for fingernails 
Either they cheer or they jeer, but I'm here 
I've heard them say song writing, acting, producing, 
What makes her think that she can? Or better yet song writing, acting, producing 
What does she think, she's a man? 
One day a Tony, Tuesday you're top of the Bill 
So I'm here! 
Wednesday you're phony, Thursday you're over the hill 
But I'm here! 
Now I've kept my clothes and kept me space 
I've kept my nose to spite my face 
Still once you say you won't 
Keep your place loud and clear 
Once you announce you're directing all you hear is... 
Everybody says don't, everybody says don't 
Everybody says don't, it isn't right! 
Don't, it isn't nice! 
Everybody says don't, everybody says... 
Don't tell me not to live, just sit and putter, 
Life's candy and the sun's a ball of butter, 
Don't bring around a cloud to rain on my parade. 
Don't tell me not to fly, I've simply got to, If someone takes a spill, 
It's me and not you, 
Who told you you're allowed to rain on my parade 
I'll march my band out, I'll beat my drum, 
And if I'm fanned out, your turn at bat, sir, 
At least I didn't fake it, hat, sir, 
I guess I didn't make it 
Get ready for me love, 'cause I'm a-comin' 
I simply gotta march, my heart's a-drummin' 
Don't bring around a cloud to rain on my parade, 
I'm gonna live and live NOW! 
Get what I want, I know how! 
One roll for the whole shebang! 
One throw that bell will go clang, 
Eye on the target and wham, 
One shot, one gun shot and bam! 
Hey, look at me world, here I am... 
I'll march my band out, I'll beat my drum, 
And if I'm fanned out, your turn at bat, sir, 
At least I didn't fake it, hat, sir, 
I guess I didn't make it 
Get ready for me life, 'cause I'm a-comin' 
I simply gotta march, my heart's a-drummin' 
Nobody, no, nobody, is gonna rain on my parade! [speaking] I've always loved singing theater songs because they tell a story, and this next song that I'm about to sing is from "SHOW BOAT", which is on its way back to Broadway after sixty-seven years.