Verse 1 Man I just blow my flow and I show all these hoes 
that I'm grown like a boss . Mourn for your loss , 
begin to remorse , sit back like you lost 
My hit tracks they just fuck yall and sack all your works 
They call me the Hit box , cuz I give 'em what they want 
I not trickster but like ricket to you all 
Cuz I cause Deficiency , which is drily fiendish 
I'm like D sue in this " Rapping linguistic " 
Bitch you better get a let-out . I'm fed up get up from here 
I'm just trying to do my thang, rapping ain't that money game 
I just wanna convey my message and that shit went like a aeroplane - 
clear , dope and finally , you got it . Hook Its not just me , Its the motherfucking boss 
Bitches agree cuz I gave 'em a chance 
Gave 'em a chance cuz I wanted 'em to dance 
On my track which is full of fucking Trance Verse 2 Now wave your hands like you never ever did 
Cuz this man got you something that's forever weather thang 
Bang !! this ain't a shit , its banger bitch 
My fans just wish to get this greatest hit 
Now I spit to get yall to new world 
Get pictures signature by NE's finest. That's what's up 
Lets Flourish this culture . Get India this Hulchul 
Get B Boys , B Girls Up this bitch . It ain't gonna stop . 
Its just like banger and it ain't no stranger . 
And we are to bang up cuz we are the gangsters 
we like to crank up new tracks ain't no manky . 
Have fans like stanley . Got voice , it's so manly. 
Hip Hop's my passion , Hip Hop's my grace 
This talk ain't babble , Its just so real 
Here I'm over-settled , Its stuck to my heels 
Whom I fucked they just drag their fucking dicks Hook Its not just me , Its the motherfucking boss 
Bitches agree cuz I gave 'em a chance 
Gave 'em a chance cuz I wanted 'em to dance 
On my track which is full of fucking Trance Verse :- Its verse 3 , so worthy . I'm sorry for hurting 
anyone who fucked with me . I am like too Fucking 
"My dick" - you just sucked it . Your pussie I fucked it . 
Rappin , I love it . Man I just do fuss it 
to be 1 ,I deserve it . I'm AK Gun , you're ZIP(GUN) 
Most demanded like Cocaine , Bitches want me like "Oh yeah" 
Do you want me to Blow ? Man I blow my flow . It 
goes like Oh Ho .. Speed of jet plane ..Its dope shit!! 
I hope it to be hit cuz its just Showbiz 
I never ever sigh , cuz I get all shows hit 
I go too high you go to the Lowest !!!