What can I say? (ooooohhhhh, yeeeeeeeaaaaaaahh!) 
It's so real. 
I don't even feel like talkin' most of the time (yeeeeeeaaayeeaaaahhh, yeeeeeeaaayeeeeaaaahhh!) 
It's ironic that I happen to MC 
Then I don't really wanna say shit! (oooooooooohhhooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!) 
Kinda funny, though (yeeeaaaaaaaahhhh, ooooooohhhhhhhh!) 
Ha! I always feel the ghostes amongst me (yeah!) 
I remember times when the roaches was hungry. (let 'em know!) 
The livin' was grungy. If it's money, I bungee until the cord breaks; (sssss!) 
Thinkin' that I might be the one that's in the Lord's way. (I might be!) 
Am I the bad that's provokin' the good? (c'mon!) 
We all ride! All live and we smokin' the good. (we all liiiive!) 
But my nigga on the reel to reel; (reel!) 
We move stock 'til we not for gettin' killed for bills! (it's like that!) 
And it's all about the chills and thrills and the good times (good times!) 
It's like the mob, nigga, in it 'til the hood dies! (YEEAAHH!) 
Addicted to the concretes, addicted to the crates! (uhh!) 
If we don't get a connect, we stickin' up a wake. (word!) 
Whatchu know about a wake with the bishop bein' late? (whatchu know?) 
All my jail niggaz standin' up, fists up to the gate. (staand up!) 
Faggotass CO's get the piss up in they face (ssssshhhh!) 
Hold a grudge cause the judge never listened to the case! Yeah! [Chorus] 
Even though you feeeel liiike cryyyiiin' 
Juuust keeeep on smilin'! 
Believin' that, there is gonna beeee, 
Somethin' better past the paaaiiin! 
And even though it huuuurts liike heeeell 
You, juuust keeeep on giiiivin'! 
Doooooooon't stop moviiin' aaaand 
It's all worth it in the eeeend; you just keep the faith! You can see it but you just can't vision it! (see it!) 
Society judge a man for the way that he live in it. (true!) 
Either you gettin' money or deal with imprisonment; 
No in betweens! (no in betweens!) I'm gettin' green! (ssss!) 
Spots in the world where they don't know what dinner mean; (damn!) 
It's really not that crazy in the paint! (not!) 
Hear 'Clef in the club. Have Haiti on the brain! (salute!) 
Surrounded by liquor drinkers, niggaz makin' it rain. (uhh!) 
And the world's always changin' but we still need change. (change!) 
Life's a bitch. Is death like a good woman? (huuuh?!) 
I ask that cause I know the whole hood comin' (I KNOW!) 
And the fam' comin'. And do! 
Heaven got a' ocean or a dam runnin', tryna understand somethin'; (tryna!) 
Flowin' like a feather in the wind. (flow!) 
It start off rough. Do it get better at the end? (huuuh?!) 
Do I go to a place where I don't never have to sin? Yeah! [Chorus] I'm wicked in my ways cause my temperament, (yeah!) 
Ride for my crew and fuck everybody's sentiment. (ride!) 
You enter in the dragon or "The Gangster And The Gentleman" [inhale] 
Saliva is like poison with adrenaline! (fear you!) 
I spread love to the point I hit the hay line. (you know!) 
Fuck jail and state time but you ain't gon' take mines! (brother!) 
It sucks when you livin on gun terms; 
Rather be high on the island gettin' sunburned! [inhale] 
Live 'til I'm old know what my daughter and my son learned 
Life is all real, my nigga. You get one turn! (one turn!) 
I'm tryna tell these boys that they oughta learn 
It ain't just fire, my nigga. Even water burn! Yeah! [Chorus] Faith makes all things possible. (makes all things possibleeeeeeeee!) 
Faith is the reality of(the realityyyyyyyyy!) 
Things I hope for. (of things that I hooooooooope foooooor!) 
And the evidence of things not seen and told (evidence... of things NOT seeeeen and tooooold!) 
Keep the faith, y'all! (wooooaaaaahhhhhh!) 
Hahahaaa! (IIIIIIIII see you there!) 
Just keep the faith y'all (oooooooooooooohhh!) [Chorus] Wooooaaaooooaaaaaoooooooaaaaaaaaaooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh 
Smiliiiiiin'! 
Yeeaaeeeaaahhhhh, oooohhh! 
Somethin' better past the paaaaaaaaaiiiiiin! 
And even THOOOOUUUUUGH... 
Huuuurts liike heeeell, YOOOOUUUU... [beat fadesout] 
Keeeep GIIIIIVIN'! 
Oooohhhh! 
It's all worth it in the eeeeeeend; you just keep the FAAAIIITH!