[Charlie:] oooooooo [Leondre:] yeah, Bars and Melody (Keep Smiling, Keep Smiling) [Charlie:] Keep smiling, keep smiling and we'll see what tomorrow brings. 
Keep smiling, keep smiling and be thankful for the little things. [Leondre:] the sun is shining in the morning I get out of bed, 
Instead of being negative I thank the lord I ain't dead. 
'Cause I can do what I want and I can travel the world, 
And just maybe while I'm doing it I might meet a girl. 
I live my life on a stage and with a pen in the page, 
I follow all my dreams and wouldn't have to care about a wage. 
But if it doesn't work out I'll keep a smile on my face, 
And I'll be thankful for the fact that I've got food on my plate. [Charlie:] Keep smiling, keep smiling and we'll see what tomorrow brings. 
Keep smiling, keep smiling and be thankful for the little things. 
'Cause we won't be around forever, so come on all lets join in together. 
Keep smiling (keep smiling), keep smiling (keep smiling) 
And just remember all the good old days [Leondre:] I live each day as it comes I breathe the air through my lungs, 
I spend my pocket money then I play PS with my chums. 
But if I didn't want the melody forget about reality, 
I'd make a hit and I'd give all my earns to a charity. 
People would be glad for me I'd help out all my family, 
Depending on my mood whether I would change pathetic fallacy. 
Football in the streets like my dad used to tell, 
back when everything just seemed to run so well. [Charlie:] Keep smiling, keep smiling and we'll see what tomorrow brings. 
Keep smiling, keep smiling and be thankful for the little things. 
'Cause we won't be around forever, so come on all lets join in together. 
Keep smiling (keep smiling), keep smiling (keep smiling) 
And just remember all the good old days [Leondre:] back to back you know it's up to you, 
It's amazing what a single friendly smile could do. 
Never under estimate yourself or any others, 
'Cause deep down we're connected like sisters and brothers. [Charlie:] Keep smiling, keep smiling and we'll see what tomorrow brings. 
Keep smiling, keep smiling and be thankful for the little things. 
'Cause we won't be around forever, so come on all lets join in together. 
Keep smiling (keep smiling), keep smiling (keep smiling) 
And just remeber all the good old days