[Intro] 
Hello, I'm talking to ya 
(Tell'em girl) 
Listen, I saw you last night with that bitch 
(Uhm uhm Emeline) 
Ehmm, Don't play this game with me 
(Aldivas) 
I'm sick of you! [Verse 1 - Emeline:] 
Me and my girls know where we gon' be 
Stop staring at me, cause doing ma thing 
And we're with our friends, not feeling lonely (not not) not feeling lonely 
I'm rocking with the fearless divas around baby 
Take a look at me, cause I know you're thirsty 
Believe me or not, we aren't tripping for ya chicks (not not) we're aren't not tripping for ya chicks 
You regret misbehaving with that bitch of yours 
Ohhh Sorry for you, I'm damn quick, I'm moving on 
'Cause I'm hot and sexy (sexy) 
Do you think I'm gon' wait for you forever? 
You better hear what's on [Hook - Emeline:] 
I'm on the next level (x3) 
N-Next level 
You better know a girl like me don't stay alone for too long 
I'm on the next level (x2) [Verse 2 - Aldivas:] 
Me and My girls know where we Wanna be, super hot, super fresh, super clean! 
My female intuition never wrong, so You better talk me and tell me what's wrong 
I don't care what You think about me 
Only good vibes around me. 
African Queen that's my lady 
E-Emeline I saw that You're ready 
Look at me! I saw that You like it, please don't hide it, don't be a liar 
I'm on my way, I'm not afraid 
Life is good, is the only thing I care 
I don't need You in my life no more 
T-This is for You loser, You know 
I want it, just drop it,please don't stop it 
I don't give a damn, I will never be same! [Hook - Aldivas:] 
I'm on the next level (x2) 
The next level 
N-Next level 
Two words I got for You baby, we are here to support the ladies! 
I'm on the Next level (x2) [Verse 3 - Emeline:] 
Ladies show me what You got 
Shake what You've got 
Don't be ashame of what You are 
Personalites multiplied and images verified 
Click, snap, Instagram 
Mamasitas, ride or die, no tie 
I'm not, You see black or white, same bloodline, Eme-Line Na lie 
Yeah we open up the bottles 
Take a quick step back, better know I'm off [Verse 4 - Aldivas] 
Put your hands up! 
It's a celebration we don't think about the breakup 
Rings, clothes and shoes 
You said they're the only things that make me look good 
Yes, but I don't need that shit! 
All I really asked You was to make me live 
Now I want to know 
All my ladies tell me now, If u are with us? [Hook - Aldivas & Emeline:] 
we're on the next level (x2) 
On the next level 
O-on the next level 
We don't need You no more boy 
You're just a stupid little toy 
We're on the next level (x2) 
Level