Feel my way through the darkness 
Guided by a beating heart 
I can't tell where the journey will end 
But I know where to start They tell me I'm too young to understand 
They say I'm caught up in a dream 
Well life will pass me by if I don't open up my eyes 
Well that's fine by me And as long as I got my suit and tie 
It'll be by your side. 
I'ma leave it all on the floor tonight 
It'll be you and I. 
All dressed up in black and white 
It'll be by your side. 
And you're dressed in that dress I like It'll be you and I. 
Lose myself tonight... I could show you what you want to see 
And take you where you want to be Aww, shit so sick, got a hit and picked up a habit 
The way you grab me 
Even if the sky is falling down 
I know that we'll be safe and sound High dive into frozen waves 
Where the past comes back to life 
Check it out You found me 
You found me 
You found me Hold still right before we crash 
Cause we both know how this ends 
We're going out Without me 
Without me 
Without me And here's the thing I wanna talk about (Oh, oh) 
Chasing relentlessly, tonight (Oh, oh) 
We get it done, we get it done When he's next to me 
The way that you cheer and scream for me 
I want to say... 
Bring the action Started from the bottom and now we're here 
Turn the lights on 
Why are you my clarity? 
(Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) Turn the lights on 
Still fight and I don't know why Started from the bottom and now we're here 
Turn the lights on 
Why are you my clarity? 
(Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) 
Turn the lights on Started from the bottom now the whole team here, nigga 
Started from the bottom now we're here Say if you a bad bitch put your hands up high, hands up high, hands up high 
Tell 'em dim the lights down right now, put me in the mood You are now now rocking with 
Isosine and Britney bitch I know that we are upside down 
Na na na 
Sit down 
Na na na 
Stand up I don't care! 
When you're ready come and get it 
So what? I don't mind 
Na na na na na All I want to get is 
Past the breaking point 
A little bit closer 
He's the reason why 
I love it! 
Can you come a little closer 
Stay the night All I wanna know is 
What does the Fox say? Jacha-chacha-chacha-chow! (I'ma) 
Jacha-chacha-chacha-chow! (I-I'ma) 
Jacha-chacha-chacha-chow! (I'ma) Mother, father, gentleman Fraka-kaka-kaka-kaka-kow! (I'ma) 
Fraka-kaka-kaka-kaka-kow! (I-I'ma) 
Fraka-kaka-kaka-kaka-kow! (I'ma) Mother, father, gentleman I'm all alone now 
Let your heart talk 
Two bottles of whiskey for the way 
All along, yeah all along I've got a plan now! 
Where only fools go 
In a torn-up town 
No postcode 
Get some now (Hey, hey) It's the thing that I wanna talk about 
Is getting underneath me I'm a party mafia! 
We get it done. We get it done And it feels like we can do this all night 
Close your eyes 
Royals (Royals) 
Oh, when I'm gone 
Welcome to the new age Everything is all right! 
When I'm gone 
A bit closer 
You've been here before 
Let me live that fantasy. Hey now 
So come a little closer 
Up top, we're the kings of the playground! Wait 
(Yeah) Let's do this right now We, woke up with the sun 
You know my river won't evaporate 
This world we still appreciate They, woke up just to see.. 
Light it up 
The sun is never going down 
I know that we will be safe and sound! 
We don't wanna leave 
Maybe you're tanked completely Right now right, r-r-right now 
Even if I tried 
Even if I wanted to 
She ain't nothing but a little doozy 
Even if I I can fly 
We can make it 
Cause we got the fire, fire, fire 
Yeah we got the fire, fire, fire (Tonight) I came in like a wrecking ball 
Hey now! (Yeah, yeah) 
Hey now! I'm the type who won't get oh so critical 
Let me be your ruler 
Hey now! 
You can call me Queen Bee 
Hey Now! I won't treat you like you're oh so typical 
Let me show you a few things 
Let me show you a few things 
I never hit so hard in love 
We're the kings of the Playground Let me show you a few things 
Hey Now 
Let me show you a few things 
Hey Now 
About love 
I didn't know I was lost And we'll never be royals (Royals) 
We can do this all night! 
Even if we're 6 feet underground 
I know we'll be safe and sound! Let me be your ruler 
Hey now! 
You can call be Queen bee! 
Hey now! I won't treat you like you're typical 
Lose myself tonight 
Up top we're the kings of the playground! Hey now! 
Hey now! 
You know you're down 
Let's do this right now