(News Reporter) 
atop the news this evening *static* 
this just in *static* thanks, bob. (helicopter sounds, gunshots in background) due to extreme technology advancements, I'm able to report to you live here, from what military officials are calling a 'hot zone.' As you can see and hear, I'm right in the middle of the battlefield. Our pentagon regulations asked us that we are, uhh, to stay towards the, uhh, back of the unit. But let me see if I can bring us a little closer so you can see exactly what's going on....*explosion* (Aesop Rock)(Verse 1) 
What'd I miss? 
900 cc's of the raw in one fist 
the bum's dumb blitzed 
order in the court where the mortars jump bricks 
everybody, lung on the table, this point/counterpoint 
Aesop has the murkiest, yet he numb out the prowler oint (uh) 
and after bubblegummy sink into the sofa 
clicker the pilot his broadcasted choice of cobra (hissssss) 
the venom remains the same game of stale toxins 
camo'd with the now ornamental satellite options 
whatever's good i got this grave half dug (true) 
With Yanni coverin 'Cats' to make the pain worse than it was (nooo) 
playin marbles (playin marbles) hit by a bus (hit by a bus) 
death is sweet (death is sweet) hell sucks (sucker) 
Damien probably wishin I'd donate a f--k 
this s--t's chiller than any conversation I've had in months 
the iron fang drew 'em all loopy (real loopy) 
so when he extended a hand the planets plutos(?) went snoopy 
and perfect syncopated burnt to crispy critters 
like synchronized swimmers in boric rivers 
mmmm, poor so critters 
lick chopped chicken, who dares lick a shot at pigeons? 
why I oughta (Vast get em!) 
he surfs city circuits for the power and the glory 
to the cowards in the quarry, you will always blink before me 
its Doc Roc full effect, campfire stories 
like I threw ya mama from the train for tryin to front on 'Porkies' 
He finds the garbage more inspiring than the good stuff (right) 
his ink sleeps while the military look tough 
look, im sorry, crooked priority list 
but mr. USA up all night's blackened heart already skips 
I'm 'bout to crash this bitch to hibernate 
tell Wolf Blitzer holler at his boy when he hosts Blind Date 
it goes spit on CNN and force the war back thru the cable box 
gremlins(?) are like stage props aimed at latest names dropped 
so now we ignorant, right? (right?) 
no (no) we just accepts the inevitable apocalyptic syllabus 
sing along, Zook-a-dize chemical poison, then watch him bring it on 
dag nabbit, that cat's bastard 
I dead opinions and swap it out for the urges 
of a serpent tryin to stuff it in the jam before the curtains (Chorus) 
He's numb to the guns (right) thanks to the tank cam 
glued to the box like the opposites'll shake hands (no) 
enough Hell for the world's hand baskets 
enough Cell's for the world's hand captured (come on) 
numb to the guns (riiiight) now he touch buttons that'll re-route imagery 
yes doggie, recognize the history 
yes doggie, recognize the misery (right) 
switch for element of surprise and demise (Verse 2) 
From m-16's to disco in hula-hoops 
murder the fads before the fads murder you and yours 
me and mine find T&A on TNT 
Pleasing to the iris more than TNT on DNA (oh) 
morbid but important (right?) I know, STOP 
Mork porked Mindy in this episode, WATCH 
P-O-W-B buzz over the rumbling cannons and lest amateurs, bystander analyst 
went thru the 'holy f--kin' s--t, I'm gonna die' phase 
now it's 'well, I'm gonna die, lets get this barn's sides raised' 
so when they ask 'whats your opinion on the war?' 
I tell 'em 'war sucks donkey dick. what's the Knicks' score?' 
maybe it's his allergies to horns and pitchforks (umm, umm) 
dusk muskrat (uhmm) elephant tusk jab (uhmm) 
elegant bloodbath leggin it, egg 'em on 
television preg-a-nant and medicine is born 
Get a mean doubt community duel glazed over blank, white sockets 
lookin for a heavy seven richter to shiver the crocs right up out they options 
novacaine, bloodwork spooned thru the loch ness 
hostage, no shame, suck the fear out his muck 
so when the nozzles hit his nostrils 
he don't give a f--k 
after all, its just like on t.v. around the clock 
the thorns are real the anger management is not (Chorus) 
He's numb to the guns (right) thanks to the tank cam 
glued to the box like the opposites'll shake hands (put 'em up!) 
enough Hell for the world's hand baskets 
enough cells for the world's hand captured (come on) 
numb to the guns (riiiight) now he touch buttons that'll re-route imagery 
yes doggie, recognize the history 
yes doggie, recognize the misery 
switch for element of surprise and demise (come on) It's like that....yea we don't watch, uhh, we don't watch the war, we watch f--kin...f--kin bikini car wash...s--t's more amusing to me these days...sorry if that makes me an ASSH--E