Father: Well Ryan, tomorrow's a big day. Your mom's coming home from the hospital with your new baby sister. 
Ryan : baby sister 
Father: That's right, baby sister. 
Ryan : baby sister 
Father: So, uh, I think now is the time for us to go over some safety rules for when you're around your new baby sister. 
Ryan : saftey rules 
Father: Okay, rule number one: Always wash your hands before touching the baby. 
Ryan : wash hands 
Father: Do you know why? 
Ryan : no 
Father: Well, because sometimes you have germs on your hands and germs are bad for the baby cause they can make the baby sick. 
Ryan : germs make baby sick 
Father: That's right, that's right, Ryan. Germs make baby sick. 
Ryan : germs make the baby sick 
Father: Okay, rule number two. 
Ryan : more rules 
Father: Don't feed the baby anything. 
Ryan : don't feed the baby. 
Father: That's right. 
Ryan : why? 
Father: Well, because the baby needs to eat special baby food. 
Ryan : why? 
Father: Oh...well, other food is bad for the baby. 
Ryan : other food bad for the baby 
Father: That's right, good. Now, rule number three. 
Ryan : more rules 
Father: Never take hot water near the baby because hot water will burn the baby. 
Ryan : water bad for the baby 
Father: Well, not all water, just hot water, 
Ryan : yes 
Father: Cause hot water will burn the baby. 
Ryan : i don't understand, daddy 
Father: Okay, see this glass of water that I'm drinking? 
Ryan : yes 
Father: Well, this water is okay for the baby. 
Ryan : yes 
Father: Here, touch the glass. 
Ryan : yes 
Father: See, it's nice and cool. 
Ryan : yes 
Father: Now if this was hot water that would be bad because hot water can burn the baby. 
Ryan : hot water burn baby? 
Father: Yes, hot water burn baby. 
Ryan : hot water burn baby 
Father: Yes, yes, hot water burn baby. 
Ryan : hot water burn your baby 
Father: Yes. 
Ryan : baby can't go in swimming pool? 
Father: Oh no, the swimming pool is okay. Swimming pool water is cool. 
Ryan : yes 
Father: That's alright. 
Ryan : yes 
Father: But the jacuzzi is bad because that water is hot and hot water will burn the baby. 
Ryan : hot water burn the baby 
Father: Yes. 
Ryan : hot water burn the baby 
Father: Yes. Now say you made a cup of tea, would you take that near the baby? 
Ryan : yea, baby like tea 
Father: No Ryan, uh, I don't think you get it yet. 
Ryan : baby no like tea? 
Father: Well, I'm sure the baby will like tea, but what do you make tea with? 
Ryan : ...hot water 
Father: Right, and what did we say about hot water? 
Ryan : ...oh, hot water burn baby 
Father: Yes, hot water burn baby! 
Ryan : hot water burn baby! 
Father: That's right so no tea near the baby. 
Ryan : hot water burn baby 
Father: Yes. 
Ryan : baby no take bath? 
Father: No, bath water is warm. Warm is okay. 
Ryan : yes 
Father: Hot is bad. 
Ryan : yes...hot water burn baby 
Father: Yes, hot water burn baby. 
Ryan : hot water burn baby 
Father: I think you're gettin' it! 
Ryan : hot water burn baby 
Father: That's right, Ryan. 
Ryan : hot water burn baby 
Father: NOW DON'T YOU EVER FORGET THAT! 
Narrator: 30 year later! 
Wife : Hey, Ryan, what are you doing out there? 
Ryan : Just watchin' the discovery channel. 
Wife : Well, dinner's gonna be ready in about five minutes. 
Ryan : Aw, great baby, aight, I'll be in in a few momentos. Lemme just wind down...(garbled) 
Wife : Okay, honey! 
Ryan : Yeah. 
TV : The villagers of Pasquan 
Ryan : Pasquan 
TV : have a very bizarre and painful way of welcoming their infants into the community. 
Ryan : (garbled) 
TV : Unfortunately, the death rate from this ritual is a mortifying 90 percent. 
Ryan : My God. 
TV : That explains the Pasquan's low population. 
Ryan : Yeah, it does. 
TV : On the first full moon of Autumn, all the Pasquanian mothers wrap their new-borns in traditional hand painted deerskin,... 
Ryan : Deerskin. 
TV : ...which have been passed along from generation to generation. 
Ryan : That's nice. 
TV : The entire Pasquan population then forms a circle on the sacred battlefield of Chin-Chara. 
Ryan : ya-yara 
TV : Each Pasquanian baby is then passed, hand to hand, around the circle... 
Ryan : Wow. 
TV : ...four times. 
Ryan : Four times. 
TV : Once for the sun,... 
Ryan : Hmm. 
TV : ...once for the moon,... 
Ryan : The moon. 
TV : ...once for the earth,... 
Ryan : The earth. 
TV : ...and once for the wind. 
Ryan : The wind, too. 
TV : When the babies arrive back in their mother's hands, they are marched, in procession, to the Pasquanian natural hot springs... 
Ryan : What? 
TV : ...where the ceremonial purification will be completed. 
Ryan : What are you saying here? 
TV : As we watch, the mothers take their progeny out of the deerskin shells... 
Ryan : No. 
TV : ...and dunk them into the steaming water. 
Ryan : No! No! Hot water burn baby! Hot water burn baby! 
Father: That's right, Ryan. Hot water burn baby. 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Wife : Ryan! What's going on out there? Are you okay? 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Father: Hot water burn most definitely burn baby. 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Father: That's right, Ryan. Hot water burn baby! 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Father: You are a bitch, Ryan! 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Wife : Ryan, are you alright? 
Father: Hot water burn the baby! 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Wife : Ryan! 
Father: What are you gonna do, whore? 
Wife : Ryan! 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Father: Bitch! 
Wife : Ryan! What's going on out there? 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Father: Whore! 
Wife : Who are you talking to? 
Father: Bitch! 
Ryan : I'm talking to the man! 
Father: Whore! 
Ryan : Hot water burn baby! 
Wife : Ryan! 
Father: Bitch! Ryan is a whore!