Sont-ils prisonniers? (French: Are they locked in?) 
Devrais-je les librer? (French: Should I release them?) This seclusion frightens me What happened to youthful armies, 
Manicured gardens, 
Proud role models? Now I sit 
Dependent zombie 
Longing for the physical One can't destroy energy 
One can only transfer it 
What if I never acknowledged reality 
Could I avoid it? Broken tree roots curling up as if to grow towards the sky 
Inverting gravity and plummeting angels to hell Grabbing air pockets to free yourself 
You trip on extra limbs 
And crumble in The dirt feels cold and soft 
Seems so foreign yet so welcoming 
You hear the Earth breathe and for a moment, laying there 
Get an internal perspective 
Molecule mix and flesh confuses with elements You aren't sure about getting up 
Perhaps the trees were right and merging with the Earth is 
The way to live for centuries 
Coffins float upside down like cumulus Knock and see who's inside! 
You wonder how the doors don't swing open 
Are they locked in? 
Should i release them? You leave footsteps of fire 
So no one can follow your tracks 
I should be trudging ahead but I just keep looking back You never told me that I would get so badly burnt 
I always freeze upon contact now 
So the flames don't hurt Does controlling pain make it void 
If energy is transferred, not destroyed? I invite them to all join 
Forcing confusion through ballpoint Did you forget the intentional dreaming and patriotic cut-outs? 
I still feel the strangulation throttling me out This is still not the way you want to end 
The leaves swing down to tuck you in 
This is where you won't wake up again 
I hope you will - I'm just not convinced You feel the mantle pulse The fissures throb 
The nucleus bellows 
You see those around you 
Who felt it all along Black eyes and superior senses 
Curious noses seem 
They seem apathetic Should they really care? 
They know they knew what we refuse to understand 
Prevention only goes so far 
Make way for the newborn There's only so much carbon in the work 
Take a number You've had your time 
Get in line 
You must be this good to ride You leave footsteps of fire 
So no one can follow your tracks 
I should be trudging ahead but I just keep looking back You never warned me that I would get so badly burnt 
I always freeze upon contact now 
So the flames don't hurt