My trophy girl girl my trophy girl yeah yeah yeah My trophy. 
ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, 
Hey! hey! A.B, A.B, T-pain, t-pain, hey! 
Nappy boy, nappy boy, nappy boy. 
hey, hey hey hey shine her up! 
Put her on a mantle so the sun can see how she shines. 
When I go out she's on my arm, let everybody know that she's mine. 
Look how pretty she is, smilin' from ear to ear 
When I first saw her I said girl, you can be my trophy, my trophy girl, girl, my trophy girl, girl, you can be my trophy, my trophy girl, girl my trophy yeah yeah, yeah yeah my trophy girl, girl, my trophy girl, girl yeah yeah you could be, you could be, you could be my, you could be my trophy girl. 
You can look but you can't touch, get too close like (?) 
shine her up, look how I wipe the dust. Make sure she never rust. 
Look how pretty she is, smilin' from ear to ear 
when I first saw her I said oohoho come on girl let me shine you up. 
Ohh why are you alone, did you come with some friends if then can I take it home oooh 'cause I got to know yah, got me sick like pneumonia got a hot flash when I saw yah, oh girl you could be my trophy girl you can be my trophy, my trophy girl, girl, my trophy girl, girl, you can be my trophy, my trophy girl, girl my trophy yeah yeah, yeah yeah my trophy girl, girl, my trophy girl, girl yeah yeah you could be, you could be, you could be my, you could be my trophy girl. Hey! I'm diggin' yah girl, ain't nobody like you. You're like one of a kind, ooh 'cause I got to know yah, got me sick like pneumonia, got a hot flash when I saw yah. Oh girl T-Pain; Nappy Boy! Guess you can't be my trophy yet, already got too many on my neck and they gleam like stars when I go outside and if I wear 'em all you'd think it's night time. 
Oh man. 
T-pizzle for shizzle. 
Hey diddle even got an iced out fiddle. 
and all the diamonds in my mouth called sweet bread 
I'm like YEAH! call it a Micky D's mcgriddle. 
Haters love the starlet that's why I keep chrome on my wheels and the glove department. I got the black puse and the barbie, for real. She even got the beatle with the flowers on the wheel. 
Hey! But when she with me we on ? 
Two people, two pairs of skates that's great. 
So float with me girl and...?..girl you could be my trophy girl.