Take a lot of entertainers, sing songs 
'Bout the things they experienced in life 
Some entertainers sing songs that they, ah 
Seen other people experience in life Well, I'm gonna tell you some of the things 
I experienced in life 
The old lady got mad with me the other night 
Packed that overnight grip Got the house by myself, just me and the dog 
Sometime ya know that your animal layin' in the floor 
Lookin' at you like, say, "Uh, you done messed up buddy" 
It's that same old thing Same old thing, baby, where ya been? 
Said, Same old thing, woman, where ya been? 
Been gone two days, today 
I'm sittin' here all alone I been waitin', babe 
Waitin' by my telephone 
Said, Same old thing, woman, where ya been? 
It's that same old thing, baby, where ya been? I been up all night, waitin' in vain 
Without you baby, to get late, is same 
Everytime I go through this, baby 
We play that same old game Now if I ever catch ya messin' around 
Then there's no need to plead 
Just send your soul on to Heaven 
'Cause the rest is home to me Same old thing, baby, where ya been? 
It's same old thing, woman, where ya been? 
Same old thing Hey, my patience has run out 
My love gone bad 
I really started to leave ya woman but 
But you're the best thing I ever had Same old thing, woman, where ya been? 
Same old thing, baby, where ya been? I been up all night, waitin' in vain 
Without you baby, it just ain't the same 
Everytime I go through this thing with you 
You play that same old game Now if I ever catch you messin' around 
There's no need to plead 
Just send your soul on to Heaven 
'Cause the rest belong to me Said same old thing, baby, where ya been? 
Said same old thing, baby 
Woman, where ya been? I was at Carol's house last night, no you wouldn't 
Carol was over here, her and the baby last night, where ya gonna be? 
Ya gotta find somethin' else, baby 'cause you know 
I started to leave you but you the best thing I've ever had Then I went by Mollie's house 
No, hell no, Mollie called here lookin' for ya 
You've got to come right with me, baby 
No wigglin' of the hip See the same old thing, baby 
I done told you, no, don't do that to me, no mo' 
'Cause I, I love you baby 
I'm really in love wit' cha baby