What's your favorite scary movie? I've walked the jungle fought a lion with bare hands 
The Prince of Darkness 
I'm a far better man! I've crossed the desert never feared for my own 
Where lightning strikes-I'll always go! Eye of the tiger not afraid to attack 
Left Frankenstein-flat on his back 
That witches' magic just ain't nothing to see 
'Cause you're the one who cast a spell onto me!! If you're looking for danger, here I come! 
You better look out it's just begun! 
There's something that I want you to know! The one thing that I'm scared of is losing hold of you! 
I get the shivers down my spine feel my body turning blue!! (so blue!!) 
The feeling is so frightening It's driving me insane 
The one thing that I'm scared of is losing hold of you! The terminator-said he'd never be back! 
Fight fire with fire that's a natural fact! Tell me your nightmare and I'll give you my dream (I'll give you my dream) 
I will protect you-whenever you SCREAM!! If you're looking for danger here I come! 
You better look out it's just begun! 
There's something that I want you to know! 
(AagH!) The one thing that I'm scared of is losing hold of you! 
I get the shivers down my spine, 
Feel my body turning blue!! (so blue!!) 
The feeling is so frightening It's driving me insane 
The one thing that I'm scared of is losing hold of you! Because you're always there to let me know 
Sometimes we all get scared 
I'm telling you I can't let you go-oh! The one thing that I'm scared of is losing hold of you! 
I get the shivers down my spine feel my body turning blue!! 
The feeling is so frightening It's driving me insane 
The one thing that I'm scared of The one thing that I'm scared of is losing hold of you! 
I get the shivers down my spine feel my body turning blue (so blue) 
The feeling is so frightening It's driving me insane 
The one thing that I'm scared of The one thing that I'm scared of is losing hold of you (I can feel it in the air) 
I get the shivers down my spine feel my body turning blue (and my fever's going down) 
The feeling is so frightening It's driving me insane (there's a chill across the town) 
The one thing that I'm scared of is losing hold of you!