I guess you don't understand why 
I want to be with you 
You fascinate me 
Yeah, you know why? 
It's all in shades of grey! Your life is yours, my life is mine 
It could last forever if we took the time out to 
Show the love that we share 
I'll relax you places he wouldn't dare! It's all in shades how I really feel 
I won't play, I won't ever ever mess around 
Can't you see oh how much I really love you? 
They try to say that you're too old for me 
But they don't understand It's all in shades of grey, yes I do love ya' 
You've been touched before... 
But this means so much more 
Yeah it's all in shades of grey 
Yeah I know this love is real... 
From the way that I feel 
Yes I do love ya' When you look at me what do you see? 
Is it a young boy in a man body? 
My lady you'll never know if you turn me away 
This young boy just might make your day! It's all in shades how I could make you feel 
I won't play, ooh let me hold you in my arms 
Can't you see oh a love so rare and strong? 
They try to say that you're too old for me 
But they don't understand It's all in shades of grey, 
Our love won't go away 
It gets stronger by the day, just got to love ya' 
It's all in shades of grey 
Yeah it's all in shades of grey 
A man so young and strong it won't be long girl 
Yes I do love ya', aah yeah It feels so strong it won't be long 
Let me lay you down 
It's all in shades of grey 
It's all in shades of grey 
Oh they try to say You know, they try to say that 
You're too old for me 
But they don't understand 
They just don't 
Yes I do love you Forget about the things that they say 
Let's forget the things they say 
You won't regret tonight if you'll stay 
There's no question in my mind Look into my eyes don't turn away 
Girl just look into my eyes 
A love to last forever and a day 
And you know that we could love It's all in shades of grey yeah 
It's all in shades of grey yeah 
It's all in shades of grey yeah 
Yeah you know what they try to say You know I love you (It's all) 
Yes I do love you (in shades of grey) 
And there's no one that comes above you Take you places, see new faces 
You'll be glad that you got to taste this 
You'll be so glad Take you places, see new faces 
You'll be glad that you got to taste this 
You'll be so glad Baby come to me 
I'll give you what you need It's all in shades of grey 
It's all in shades of grey 
It's all in shades of grey yeah It's all in shades of grey 
It's all in shades of grey 
It's all in shades of grey yeah