[Intro] 
(Soulo taught me...) 
See yea my nigga see 
See yes this where sci-fi meets swag 
Like the Holy Bible in a Gucci Bag [Verse 1: Ab-Soul] 
Oh you the kid, I'm Joseph Kony 
Chip off the block, since puffy socks in my Saucony 
I touch stock, she suck cock 
She dancing Secret Sundays and I'm 'bout to pray 
I'm smoking dope, I'm smoking dope 
She got that magical vaginal let me hocus poke 
Row, row, row my boat gently down your stream 
She into Alexander McQueen but she ain't met the king 
(Soulo, SOULO, Soulo, SOULO) kiss the fucking ring ho 
TDE we got the belt, "hold it down if nothin else" 
And this is my new single, cut the cheese it's bout to melt 
Lean in my cup, pinky up like Dr.Evil 
Currently we seeing deeds like Adam Sandler 
ScHoolboy Q, OG, and dirty pineapple Fanta 
And I ain't never been a motherfucking lick 'less I'm right around the clit 
Druggys wit' hoes, O's and 4's [Hook x2] 
I'm smokin dope, yo, could smell it on my clothes 
SOPA tryna censor internet, we tryna get this dough 
I said look back at me when you hit the pole 
Swag so mean, on them fucking hoes [Verse 2: Schoolboy Q] 
Oh that's your bitch? Well bruh she on me 
I made her lick my sack, then work the top, then fuck the homies 
Got the block hot, 'cuz I set it off 
No I'm not Weezy, bitch I'm wheezy from that chronic cough 
Yeah, I'm smoking dope, you can smell it in my beard 
Have no fear, saviour of the gangster rap is fucking here 
Word around town, SOPA tryna shut it down 
How that sound I'm from the underground 
They're gonna make me slang a pound 
Figg Row (Figg Row) Figg Row (Figg Row) 
Bitch, what you know about Figg Row (Figg Row) 
This is original gangster, Uh, uh, uh, yeah 
Smoke it, shoot it, sniff it, smell it 
Inhale it, sip it, whatever 
Just mix dope with your flavor uh, uh, uh, yeah 
In interviews they always asking me about a list 
Knowing damn well I'm looking like I'm slinging bricks 
Ever see an ex-student get a half a ticket 
Think I'm lying, just ask Jimmy, that check was mine as soon as we signed [Hook x2] [Verse 3: Ab-Soul and Schoolboy Q] 
Soulo ho! Groovy Q! 
I'm high as fuck, nigga me too 
Won't pass the weed, but I'll pass a bitch 
Fendi on, I might throw a fit 
Deadline, hoodie on like Trayvon 
Heard it through the grapevine 
We got extra pills, lean and shrooms 
Life for me is just weed and brews 
Don't stop! (Get it, get it) Don't stop! (Get it, get it) 
Don't stop! (Get it, get it, get it, get it) 
Don't stop! (Get it, get it) Don't stop! (Get it, get it) 
Don't stop! (Get it, get it, get it, get it)