I just can't believe it's over, damn 
I just wanna start over again, oh, oh, oh, oh 
I just wanna start over again, oh, oh, oh, oh 
I just wanna start over again, no 
I just wanna start over again, no 
I just wanna start over again How did it get to be this way? 
You and I fussing and fighting almost everyday 
Where the sun use to shine now it rains 
The look in your eyes only reminds me of the pain between us Baby what happened to all the affection 
The love and connection we use to share? 
Brighter days, they seem so far away 
Sometimes I just wanna give up But if you want it back I'll be willing to stay out the clubs ballin' 
If you want it back change my number 
Keep them other hoes from calling 
If you want it back girl I'll do it right now no more stalling 
'Cause I want it back, so tell me Can we? Can we? Can we start it over again? 
Been through too much to let it go 
I need my shawty, my lover, my friend 
Baby let's not fight no more You know inside we were meant to spend forever 
Nothing can stop us as long as we're together 
Hold on, give us another chance, I need to know 
Can we start over again? Would be so easy to just turn and walk away 
To charge it to the game and look to another day 
But dammit something just keeps pulling me in 
Girl deep down inside you know this isn't the end between us Baby if you hold on to me you'll see 
We can make things right if you help me fight 
I could be wrong but I'll take that chance 
'Cause I think it's worth it, you know it's worth it girl Baby take me back if without me you just can't eat 
Please take me back if you wake up at night reaching for me 
Baby take me back, it may even bring some certainty 
Girl just take me back, oh baby Can we? Can we? Can we start over again? 
Said I wanna know, yeah 
Been through too much to let it go 
I need my shawty, my lover, my friend 
Said I need you baby, baby let's not fight no more You know inside we were meant to spend forever 
Nothing can stop us as long as we're together 
Hold on, give us another chance, I need to know 
Can we start over again? There's no, no other way I could put it to you 
Oh babe 'cause I need you right here with me 
Anything to keep this love together I'll do 
Oh lady but first you gotta work with me We both made mistakes along the way that breaks 
I'll take the blame for my part and that's a start 
But it takes two, tell me are you willing to do the same in return? 
Please don't let it burn Can we? Can we start over again? 
Been through too much to let it go 
I need my shawty, my lover, my friend 
Baby, let's not fight no more You know inside we were meant to spend forever 
Nothing can stop us as long as we're together 
Hold on, give us another chance, I need to know 
Can we start over again? I just wanna start all over again