[Verse 1: Anybody Killa] 
My teacher always said I wouldn't be nothin' 
So I met him in the parking lot said "I'ma killer" and then I rushed him 
Sometimes I feel like a nut 
Runnin' through the neighborhood, tearin' shit up 
Straight jackin' motherfuckers just to smoke a blunt 
Sometimes I feel that my head fucked up, and it really sucks 
I hear voices tellin' me to do it (Do it) 
How would you act if you had to live through it? 
Turnin' back on the gat, and I stole me an ounce 
Now I'm addicted to the sound of a head gettin' whacked 
Do I smoke too much, cause I choke too much? 
Are you mad cause I keep stealin' your roaches bro 
Yo Mike P! (Yo what's up?) Turn my headphones up 
Rude Boy got me stoned from the sticky stuff 
Weed's fuckin' with my head, man I'm too damn high 
Yo Violent J, you want the rest? (Show you right!) 
Man I can smell it in yo pocket (Roll it up) 
Sandwich bag filled up like you ain't got enough 
Always smoke with your road dogs, don't be shy 
Cause when a drought comes, he might be yo main supply 
Me and J steady smokin' pounds 
So at least have a sack when you see us around (Biatch!) 
Like you ain't heard, man we flippin' the scripts 
So unlock yo ziplock and let me grab us a spliff 
Lyrics [Verse 2: Blaze Ya Dead Homie] 
When I pass it to you, bitch pass it back 
Bitches don't smoke for free, where the ass be at? 
B-L-A-Z-E, ABK 
And we got Esham and Violent J 
Juggalos outside in the parking lot 
Because y'all know how we get sparked a lot 
Got the Faygo Cola with the Vodka twist 
And when we all get together we see diamond mist [Verse 3: Violent J] 
I could smoke a stick of dynamite and not be dead (POP!) 
I like it cause it fuck with my head 
I stay weeded indeed, a killa need it 
I can eat it to feed it, proceed and keep it heated 
Now who the fuck don't like my flow? 
You ain't heard my words will make the beard of a wiseman grow 
Hydro, in a good way it fuck with my head 
And without it you fucks would be dead 
I rhymed dead and head for the 17th time 
We double team rhymes, ABK and Violent J 
If I loved Shaggy anymore I'd have to be gay 
In Californ-i-a, they pull they socks to they knees 
NIA, Ninjas In Action we be deez 
I like cheese, I'm a serial pleez 
I bitch slap fans cause I be a dick like that 
I get wicked-wicky-wicky rhymes sick like that 
I'm fat and fuzzy and I smell like weed everywhere 
My homies call me Smokey The Bear 
Tell that pokey beware, don't come near here 
Don't dare, unless you wanna see my axe buddy partin' your hair 
I'm a Southwest gang bang gangsta boy 
Zug Island, Del Ray I aint's ta toy 
My boy Nate's the boy, my whole crew busts shots 
Until you out like quamay's pokadots 
I'm tryin' to smoke a litte somethin' for my dogs who smoke 
They only cessed and stressed cause they all too broke 
I'm like "bew-bew-bew-bew-bew" with the Anybody Killa 
Blowin' Indian tubleweed, we bitch booty feelas 
Ghetto scrubs flippin' nubs at thugs 
We drown faggots in Faygo tubs and eatin' dead bugs (Ew!) 
I'm tryin' to say anything that rhymes 
So I can fuck with your head like the cess do mine [Hook x2: Blaze Ya Dead Homie] 
Break it down and roll it up, smokin' blunts all night 
Hesitate to hit it too hard, the weed's that tight 
Sticky icky situations, dehydrated 
Cottonmouth creepin', the game got me faded