this next song is dedicated to all whack rappers and all the whack people who like and buy they whack music i think u crazy if u like jay-z dont change clothes change the cd. murphy lee what the hook gona be 'cause u do need a hook and another beat. jermaine dupri you kno u wrong fucked up chingys song. afro mutha fuckin m-a-n cant stand no mutha fucking ying yang twins. i think lil john and the eatside boys is a ignorant irritating bunch of noise. if u dont give a damn go throw it out wa? if u dont give a damn go throw it. to the window up against the wall up against the wall. laugh wen the mutha fucka fall these fools cant rap at all. id never buy a tune from the neptune when they beat come on i hope it go off soon.fabulous whats fabulous about i think ur terrible music unbarrable rippin off mace with that look on his face aw man i rest my case kelis...wow i hate her so much right now "my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard". who gave you her record deal oh my god. nas is in the video with kelis. jay-z's in the video with beyonce, both of these rappers are whack yet people talk smack about forty belafonte the music industry is using the slang and trying to play it off like they doing there thang. common cameron (oh boy dipsit oh boy) how can u b from a city so black and bust shitty lyrics thats whick whick whack get back on kelis.. oh yeah kelis (kelis kelis) 
this is wat i want u to do: get on ur knees and face me i got a milkshake for u and its tasty *slurp* 
just like your album puff diddy (puff diddy) 
enough already 
now its p. diddy still sound shitty. how your can your group be called "the band" no body plays and instrumant man. i dont play, b2k, r and b singers be too gay. you kno they broke up over money. oh yeah?.. thats to bad i dont care i think its good no doubt so they can stop putting all that bullshit out. 
what a girl wants what was girl needs a fucking job and a brand new hair weave what a girl want what a girl needs a fucking job and a brand new hair weave bump bump bump 
that is all i want to doooo 
bump bump bump 
thats my song, thats,thats what i wrote down on a piece of paper. 
bump bump bump 
call up puff daddy and ask him if he wants to do a verse with me 
take that take that real pimps geting down on the floor but i dont see a hoe in the video. 
why is david banner running from the clan what happened to the bitches man? 
hmm...cadillac on 22's 
why is david banner takin' off his shoes? 
its supposed to be about cadillacs not david banner bringing dead people back. even though its all. 
it might get misunderstood. 
dance skippy miss hippy is the hood. raps im writing up, i cant lighten up until these whack rappers tighten up (tighten up) missy elliot thinks she looks like halle berry thats scary. 
her cd it aint worth it put ur money in ur pocket and reverse it. her cd it aint worth it put ur money in ur pocket and reverse it. missy elliot makes a bunch of bullshit. missy elliot makes a bunch of bullshit.missy elliot makes a bunch of bullshit. missy elliot makes a bunch of bullshit.missy elliot makes a bunch of bullshit. hey check this out i cant stand her music (music music) going in my ear if you like missy elliot get the fuck outta here.i cant stand her music (music music) going in my ear if you like missy elliot get the fuck outta here yeaah. most rappers are whack just like the people they attract. most rappers are whack just like the people they attract.most rappers are whack just like the people they attract. hey man trina's on tv oh ya she fine hey homie? (sup) trina's on tv (she cute) i wish she rappin press mute and now we're gonna play a single from the album WEAVEOLUTION even with a weave, i cant stand eve 
even with a weave, i cant stand eve 
even with a weave, i cant stand eve 
even with a weave, i cant stand eve 
even with a weave, i cant stand eve i cant stand eve thats wat i said 
she got a pinhead 
most people head is round..hers goes up and down 
like a peanut 
she could be pretty if her attitude wasnt so shitty 
talkin about "Ya trying to come through the back do" 
she aint got no back do' wats she talking smack fo? 
male bashing with mary j 
like queen latifah she must be gay 
in my radio u gets no play 
not today! 
what the fuck happend to MTV? 
why these whack people get to make a cd? 
(iono man) 
look at 50 cent he dont movie his mouth when he rappin mayn 
he be rapping like mike tyson or sumthing 
he dont move his mouth 
*rapping like 50* 
open yo mouth! 
*rapping like 50* 
teach me how to stunt? 
they need me to teach them how to roll a fat blunt 
get high, get drunk, take it easy 
and stop making songs so cheesy 
now manny fresh is actually fresh 
and juvenille 
i like his style 
but the worst rapper i ever heard is the whack ass mutha fucka birdman 
what about silk the shocker? 
my name is silk and i shock u 
ive just been shocked by silk the shocker!