I'm not crazy, I'm a fuck, oh shit! 
Floopy goober, motherfucker, floopy fuckin' goober 
They ain't ready for what we 'bout to bring back! 
They ain't ready for Tyler with the green hat! 
They ain't ready for the Wang$ap, niggas! 
Fuck is niggas talkin' 'bout, nigga? 
We gon' die legends! I hope you stackin' 
I hope you puttin' some money to the side, my nigga and payin' your taxes 
I hope you not incriminatin' you and your niggas on songs with you trappin' 
I hope you dressin' yourself and not followin' niggas opinions on fashion 
I hope them cars that you drivin' ain't rented just to get some comments on 'Gram 
Oh shit, they are because you're not the man 
Low self-esteem, hide it in Lean, Xan every meal 
You fuckin' weak and you robbin' your plug? 
You ain't got no plan, but I'm not here to judge 
'Cause apparently you're doin' your thing 
(Talk your shit, Young Nigga!) 
I know they see me 
Your pants got a flood, a little bit Katrina 
Oh you wearin' Vans and Supreme this season? 
Stop lyin' to yourself, nigga, me the reason 
Right now 
A little goonie with some nice sounds 
This little groupie want the pipe now 
Yeah, she eatin' coochie, kinda dyke now 
Got a new dirt bike, wow 
And it match the go-kart, go SKRRT now (Talk your shit!) 
I really want the La Ferrari, but shit 
Can't you lower the price down? Right now, nigga! 
Right now, nigga! 
Right now, nigga! 'Cause I'm not one 
When it come to a vision, I ain't got one 
Rolling Stone never gave me a cover so 
Umm, so I shot one 
I ain't do college, I said fuck them lessons 
I ain't join no gang, I said fuck them weapons 
Grabbed the keyboard, Clancy crossed my path 
Cashed my first check and said fuck depression, nigga 
Nigga what you scared for? 
Everybody lean, everybody gang know 
Nigga you a new slave, I'm an old one 
Thanks to Ben Yang, still walk around with chains on, like 
You ain't seen no shit like mine 
You ain't seen no dick like mine 
(Naaaah, pause) What the fuck right now? 
What the fuck right now? 
What the fuck right now? 
What the fuck right now? 
What the fuck right now? 
What the fuck right now? 
What the fuck right now? (These niggas don't even understand! Goddamn, man!) 
What the fuck right now? Tell you dickheads I'mma go nuts 
Niggas told me to grow up 
So I matured to a V10 
I'm in a vacant lot doin' donuts 
There go my ego, leggo my Eggo 
Never sip syrup, shout my nigga Scoobie 
Y'all don't want beef, let us know he can eat that bread 
'Cause he pushin' that mayo, fuego 
Respect when you see him 
Boy, last album was a musical museum 
Somethin' always lost with you niggas like Liam 
Neeson, boy, you better run 
Here I come, snortin' glitter, portrait pictures 
I don't run with many 'cause their walk is bitter 
Niggas mad at T 
Where the tall freckled white boys at? 'Cause I don't fuck with niggas 
That's not my homie, that's not my woadie 
That's not my team, nigga, they bench-warmers 
I am a stormer, I am a trooper 
I am a cooper, bitter loss, as soon as I moved it 
I run the business 
I do not got time for niggas' opinions 
They fuckin' stupid, don't need 'em, don't want 'em 
I drop 'em, they're dead weight, them niggas useless 
Neck heavy like mothafuckin' bad news 
Thanks to Ben Baller, walkin' with a hunchback 
I got a new white one that I worked hard for 
So the doors on my car doin' jump jacks 
My big bro Frankie got a Porsche 
My little brother Taco got a Beemer 
If you see 'em around me, they eatin' 
We all good, it's like FEMA 
But of course Get money, nigga! Get money! 
All you funny lookin' niggas back the fuck up! I wanted to add this 
I sit in room with a to do list 
Proceed to do and play acoustics, you 
Sit around and look at me feelin' foolish 
Rollin' up and make excuses, fuck it Fuck them niggas! 
Aye man, aye man! 
Aye I just got one mothafuckin' question 
Why the fuck these niggas wanna look like me now? 
Why the fuck these hoes wanna fuck a nigga like you now? 
Why the fuck these niggas frontin' like niggas ain't been invented the swag they runnin' with? 
Why the fuck is niggas actin' like niggas ain't the originators of this shit? 
Man I tell these niggas they can die and suck a dick! 
How was that? Cool?