Verse One: 
Now, this ain't no diss (nah) 
Just on some real shit (yea) 
Who can you trust when niggas get acting like this 
(They) Talk behind yo back 
(Niggas) Rearrange the facts 
Had to cut loose ends, niggas don't know how to act 
A nigga all about his biz 
All about his kids 
And niggas mad at me? Ain't that a bitch 
You can have them streets 
You can have these beats 
As long as I got my word you ain't gotta hear shit from me 
And that goes to him, her and them 
If the shoe fit then wear it, enemy to kin 
Associates to bitches to them niggas they call friends 
Between love and hate there is a line and it is thin 
Niggas'll let you slip 
Without a pot to piss 
Soon as they need help 
They got they hands in yo shit 
Can't fuck with these niggas that seem know it all 
Cause in the end be them niggas you don't know at all Hook: 
Who can you trust in a world so cold 
Who can you trust when yo friends become foes 
Who can you trust, man I just don't know 
Guess all of this shit, is j-j-just for show 
But I don't give a fuck now (Give a fuck now) 
See I don't give a fuck now (Give a fuck now) 
Niggas fall apart when they face adVerSity 
So from here.. on out.. nigga.. I'ma.. do..me Verse Two: 
Niggas quick to burn a bridge, side with niggas who ain't loyal 
To the victor goes the spoils, this story, no moral 
Ain't no battle, no war but a nigga still a veteran, 
You niggas run with yes men, but they ain't got yo best in-terest 
It's like this 
Niggas fall out over a bitch 
Fam cut ties over loot 
Lames get loud, thinking its cute 
A wise man once said, and I hope yall relate 
The wise only speak when they got something to say 
Ignorant mafuckas always seem to run they mouth 
Always ready to pull out, ain't what this bout 
Niggas worried bout street cred 
But that shit is dead 
They make money off jail time, might as well just work for the Feds 
Probably went over ya head, niggas never get it anyway 
It's just like the lotto, they win when you play 
Can't fuck with no niggas that seem to know it all 
Cause in the end be the niggas you don't know at all Hook: 
Who can you trust in a world so cold 
Who can you trust when yo friends become foes 
Who can you trust, man I just don't know 
Guess all of this shit, is j-j-just for show 
But I don't give a fuck now (Give a fuck now) 
See I don't give a fuck now (Give a fuck now) 
Niggas fall apart when they face adVerSity 
So from here.. on out.. nigga.. I'ma.. do..me Verse Three: 
adVerSity, from the P.Az 
That's Phoenix, Arizona, on the southside of the street 
A nigga never di-did bang 
N-never sold cocaine 
To busy on this music, trying to repave my lane 
There was a fork upon my road 
Slang crack and pimp these hoes 
Felt a lil better then that, 
No offense, I suppose 
Gotta.. think on my toes 
Play the hand I choose 
Momma taught me better then that, 
In fact, let's run it back, 
Niggas still stuck in High School 
Give a fuck bout my cool 
Move to my own bop, you can't mop the streets I walk 
This shit Hip-Hop, all about competition 
But everywhere I look, seems like the comp is missing 
That's why I fell back, niggas caught up in the fame 
Quick to sell they soul, all you need is some change 
This rap shit is easy, staying true is hard 
Why worry about comments, nigga I'ma star.. Hook: 
Who can you trust in a world so cold 
Who can you trust when yo friends become foes 
Who can you trust, man I just don't know 
Guess all of this shit, is j-j-just for show 
But I don't give a fuck now (Give a fuck now) 
See I don't give a fuck now (Give a fuck now) 
Niggas fall apart when they face adVerSity 
So from here.. on out.. nigga.. I'ma.. do..me