Ye-ye-yeah, and it goes, that's my cool and I can't take it off. 
(I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) 
Ye-ye-yeah, and it goes, that's my cool and I can't take it off. 
(I-I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) Throw something to me, feel it in the air. 
Ca-can't put my finger on it, but its right there, 
There, next to the shase, next to the colors of my shoes, 
And the daters on my waist, yeah, ki-kid ain't never seen it like this, 
No-not the way you look at me its so electric, 
Co-could have go whenever but I made it fit, 
Now they're watching my moves we in to play that shit. 
Nobody believed it til I made some crosses, 
And I ain't never once pulled my pants up on me, 
Everythin' I did was writing beats, 
That's cool now everywhere I go people still wanna know, 
So I keep it on me like its nothing, 
They say the kid from tensta got something, 
I say I don't know what can that be, 
The-the-they say the cool is all over me-me-me Ye-ye-yeah, and it goes, that's my cool and I can't take it off. 
(I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) 
Ye-ye-yeah, and it goes, that's my cool and I can't take it off. 
(I-I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) They keep tellin' me its in the man, what? 
Did you really think id think about that? not at all. 
A-a-always been this never been a chaser, 
Only difference is a dude in the paper. 
Keep it on my suffer my TV the other day, 
Annie to the t to the v you get wreck, 
Momma look happy in the video, you dig? 
Th-th-that mean more to me than this other shit. 
I can do it whiteout a come cool on the subway, 
Milke shake game expect that money, 
How you gonna say that this nigga don't shine? 
Most not have listen to my words or he lying. 
But when I said a couple of lines, back up, 
Di-di-did I say something that you gonna hate, 
Wh-wh-what? I must have did that really, 
Hammer that cool and you can't even feel me. Ye-ye-yeah, and it goes, that's my cool and I can't take it off. 
(I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) 
Ye-ye-yeah, and it goes, that's my cool and I can't take it off. 
(I-I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) My-my-my cool, my cool, my-my-my So I keep it on me like its nothing, 
They say homie you better stop frontin', 
I say I don't know what can that be? 
They say the cool is all over me. 
I-I-I don't know what is it gotta be something, 
They say homie you better stop frontin' 
I say I don't know what can that be, 
Th-th-they say the cool is all over me-me-me Ye-ye-yeah, and it goes, that's my cool and I can't take it off. 
(I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) 
Ye-ye-yeah, and it goes, that's my cool and I can't take it off. 
(I-I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) 
A-a-and it goes that my cool and I can't take it off 
(I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that) 
A-a-a-and it goes that my cool and I can't take it off 
(I-I-I-I'm far too cool, le-le-lets talk bo-bo-bout tha-that)