take your pants off 
welp, we just wanna see you naked 
blah blah blah, with all your bullshit 
xxx crossing out the hit list 
hunter moore on speed dial 
youll be famous for awhile 
bamf mode has been activated 
why did our love grown complicated 
cheated on me and broke my heart gonna show the world your private parts 
a bright idea popped in my head 
figured out a way to get even instead 
found a website called i-a-u 
and guess what honey! 
im gonna post your n00dz 
revenge is best served cold and sweet 
so face the music and accept defeat 
payback when i click submit 
game over on all these tricks 
you better think fuckin twice 
or ill ruin your life 
is anyone up? is anyone down? to get revenge on this fuckin town 
is anyone up? is anyone down? 
well upload your shit 
and well take you down 
you always said you would die to be famous 
but you never thought it would be because of your anus 
you fucked up when you fucked around 
another e slut making mom and dad proud 
photoshoppin my revenge 
god knows where that ass has been 
every guy whos texted you had a little piece or two 
that shits no longer my concern 
mess with me and feel the burn n b to the h n c!!! 
write it on your ass and send it to me! 
straight to the gutter from where you came that sloppy slut pussy got you fame 
call it that but you got it all wrong 
your face is famous for suckin my dong 
see you crying. whats the problem? 
post your n00dz. girl i straight robbed em 
your facebook 
screen cap 
reaction pic 
fap! fap! fap! 
is anyone up? is anyone down? 
to get revenge on this fuckin town. 
is anyone up? is anyone down? 
well upload your shit and well take you down. 
you always said you would die to be famous but you never thought it would be because of you anus 
you fucked up when you fucked around 
now another e slut making mom and dad proud 
your mama is gonna love what youve become 
diamond plated princess, with a mouth full of cum 
wrapped in a head lace and a head full of dumb 
this is the start not a war, bitch, i already won 
hey motherfucker tell me whose laughing now? 
all these bitch boy motherfuckin faggots with their asses out 
dont try to justify, this isnt revenge 
this is what you had coming to you in the end you said you always wanted to be famous 
and now youre the entertainment (x4) 
dont blame me or say i ruined your life 
an invasion of privacy, yeah fucking right 
so keep sucking dick and telling your lies 
but if you send n00dz, better think fuckin twice 
you better think fuckin twice!!! 
and i fucked your mom